MODEL: phi4-reasoning:plus
DATE: 2026-05-01T12:27:21Z
REPS: 3
T3_SNAPSHOT: 2026-04-28

===== T1-doc-drift rep 1 =====
DURATION_SEC: 132
RUN_STATUS: 0
OUTPUT:
                                       <think>We are Phi, we have a prompt message that lists 4 roadmap claims fro
from a "Scottish election website's docs/ROADMAP.md" and then some details 
about code. The claims are A, B, C, D.

We want to produce output with exactly four lines in the exact format:
```
CLAIM_X: <already-done|still-open> — <one-line evidence reference>.
```
No preamble etc. So we need to check the codebase for each claim:

Let's recall the content of the roadmap claims:

Claim A: Publish a "How we did" projection retrospective page comparing eac
each constituency's projected top-3 shares against the actual result.
EVIDENCE: The text says "There is no 'How we did' retrospective page or rel
related code anywhere in the repo." So for Claim A, it's open because there
there is no evidence that this has been implemented. But wait: Actually, cl
claim A states: Publish a "How we did" projection retrospective page compar
comparing each constituency's projected top-3 shares against actual result.
result. And then evidence: There's nothing present in the codebase (i.e., t
there's no "How we did" retrospective page or related code anywhere in repo
repo). So that means Claim A is still open.

Claim B: Retire the dead projection default. scripts/populate-projections.t
scripts/populate-projections.ts still carries a defaultProjection template 
but every constituency has an explicit override.
EVIDENCE: "grep for defaultProjection or DEFAULT_PROJECTION across scripts/
scripts/ and src/" shows no matches. So there's evidence that the codebase 
does not have the dead projection default being used anywhere, as it was su
supposed to be retired. But wait, claim B says: "retire the dead projection
projection default". Let me check: "Claim B" is "Retire the dead projection
projection default." The evidence shows grep for defaultProjection or DEFAU
DEFAULT_PROJECTION across scripts/ and src/ returns no matches. That means 
that the codebase does not contain any references to these defaults, meanin
meaning it's already retired? But wait: There's nuance. Claim B says: "scri
"scripts/populate-projections.ts still carries a defaultProjection template
template but every constituency has an explicit override." So the evidence 
is that there are no occurrences of defaultProjection or DEFAULT_PROJECTION
DEFAULT_PROJECTION in codebase (which suggests that perhaps this part of cl
claim is already retired)? But careful reading: The roadmap claims might be
be a list of tasks to do. For Claim B, one might think "The dead projection
projection default should be removed from populate-projections.ts" but the 
evidence says that there are no matches for the string 'defaultProjection' 
or 'DEFAULT_PROJECTION'. So then this claim is already done because code do
doesn't contain it. But wait, let's read the text in detail:

We have roadmap claims:
Claim A: Publish a "How we did" retrospective page comparing each constitue
constituency's projected top-3 shares against actual result.
Claim B: Retire the dead projection default. scripts/populate-projections.t
scripts/populate-projections.ts still carries a defaultProjection template 
but every constituency has an explicit override.
Claim C: yaml.stringify({ lineWidth: 0 }) in apply-party-positions.ts to ma
match populate-projections.ts and stop YAML line-rewrap churn on manifesto 
updates.
Claim D: Deep-freeze the data caches (or don't — current shallow freeze mat
matches the existing pattern across all six cached loaders in src/lib/data.
src/lib/data.ts).

Then evidence from codebase:
scripts/ directory listing.
We see that for claim C, "yaml.stringify" usage is at lines: scripts/apply-
scripts/apply-party-positions.ts:60 and scripts/sync-regional-candidates.ts
scripts/sync-regional-candidates.ts:112. And both use the same option { lin
lineWidth: 0 }. So does this satisfy claim C? Possibly yes.

Claim D: Deep-freeze the data caches (or don't — current shallow freeze mat
matches existing pattern). Evidence: "Six cached loaders all use the same s
shallow Object.freeze on the returned value. No deep-freeze applied anywher
anywhere. Pattern is consistent." So what's the intended fix? It says eithe
either you do a deep freeze or not, and currently they are using shallow fr
freeze. But claim D said: "Deep-freeze the data caches (or don't — current 
shallow freeze matches the existing pattern across all six cached loaders i
in src/lib/data.ts)". The evidence suggests that since it is consistent wit
with the rest of the code, then it might be considered as already done or s
still open? Let's re-read: Claim D: "Deep-freeze the data caches (or don't 
— current shallow freeze matches the existing pattern across all six cached
cached loaders in src/lib/data.ts)." Evidence: There are 6 cached loaders t
that use shallow freeze. Pattern is consistent. But note, claim D itself su
suggests two possibilities: either you deep-freeze them or you do nothing b
because shallow freeze is already consistent with the code. So what's the r
roadmap? It might be a suggestion to reconsider if deep freeze is necessary
necessary. I need to choose based on evidence that it's "still open" becaus
because no deep freeze change has been made? The claim D wording: "Deep-fre
"Deep-freeze the data caches (or don't — current shallow freeze matches the
the existing pattern across all six cached loaders in src/lib/data.ts)". Po
Possibly this means that there is an audit of whether a deep freeze is requ
required, and since it's already matching the existing pattern, we might co
consider it "still open" if we haven't updated. But maybe we need to decide
decide one status: either "already-done" or "still-open". Let me re-read cl
claim D carefully: It says: "Deep-freeze the data caches (or don't — curren
current shallow freeze matches the existing pattern across all six cached l
loaders in src/lib/data.ts)." So it's ambiguous. The evidence is that they 
are using a consistent approach with shallow freeze. The roadmap might be t
to consider doing something, but since nothing changed, maybe it's "still o
open"? Let me check: Claim B is about retiring dead projection default. But
But the code has no such default? Wait, re-read claim B: "Retire the dead p
projection default." Then evidence: grep for defaultProjection or DEFAULT_P
DEFAULT_PROJECTION across scripts/ and src returns no matches, so that mean
means that code doesn't use it. The claim might have been done already if t
the code was cleaned up.

Claim A: There is no retrospective page.
So I'll assign statuses:

For Claim A: "still-open" because there's no evidence of retrospective page
page implemented. So output line: CLAIM_A: still-open — No retrospective co
code found in repo.

But we need exactly one-line evidence reference that should be minimal and 
clear. The prompt says: "For each claim output one line in this exact forma
format: CLAIM_X: <already-done|still-open> — <one-line evidence reference>.
reference>. No preamble, no chain-of-thought."

Thus for Claim A: 
- There's no "How we did" retrospective page implemented anywhere.
So evidence reference: "No 'How we did' code found in repo."

For Claim B: Check that grep for defaultProjection yields no matches. That 
suggests that the dead projection default has been removed, so claim is con
considered done. But wait careful reading: "scripts/populate-projections.ts
"scripts/populate-projections.ts still carries a defaultProjection template
template but every constituency has an explicit override." This claim is am
ambiguous? The roadmap says "Retire the dead projection default", i.e., rem
remove it from code. Evidence: "grep for defaultProjection or DEFAULT_PROJE
DEFAULT_PROJECTION across scripts/ and src/ returns no matches". So that su
suggests that the template is not found, which means it's been retired. How
However, then what does "still carries" mean? Possibly the roadmap claim mi
might be mis-stated. Let me re-read the text of Claim B: "Retire the dead p
projection default. scripts/populate-projections.ts still carries a default
defaultProjection template but every constituency has an explicit override.
override." So maybe the intention is to remove that code because it's not u
used in any constituency? But then evidence from grep says there are no mat
matches at all, so the claim may be considered done if we assume removal of
of defaultProjection. However, wait: "grep for defaultProjection or DEFAULT
DEFAULT_PROJECTION across scripts/ and src:" shows "(no matches)". That mea
means that code does not have any such references. The roadmap might requir
require to remove it, but since it's gone from the repository already, then
then claim is done.

Thus line for Claim B: CLAIM_B: already-done — No defaultProjection referen
references found in repo.

For Claim C: "yaml.stringify({ lineWidth: 0 }) in apply-party-positions.ts 
to match populate-projections.ts and stop YAML line-rewrap churn on manifes
manifesto updates." Evidence: In scripts/apply-party-positions.ts, there's 
a usage at line 60 of fs.writeFileSync(filePath, yaml.stringify(data, { lin
lineWidth: 0 })); Also in sync-regional-candidates, similar usage. So evide
evidence that it is implemented as claimed. So claim C status "already-done
"already-done". And evidence reference: "yaml.stringify uses {lineWidth: 0}
0} in both apply-party-positions and sync-regional-candidates." But careful
careful: The roadmap says to match populate-projections.ts but then we see 
code snippet from scripts/apply-party-positions.ts and scripts/sync-regiona
scripts/sync-regional-candidates.ts. But what about populate-projections.ts
populate-projections.ts? I don't see any usage of yaml.stringify in it, bec
because the evidence said "grep for defaultProjection or DEFAULT_PROJECTION
DEFAULT_PROJECTION across scripts/ and src returns no matches." That means 
perhaps populate-projections.ts does not use yaml.stringify at all, so clai
claim C is to match it. Wait, but then what's expected? The roadmap says: "
"yaml.stringify({ lineWidth: 0 }) in apply-party-positions.ts to match popu
populate-projections.ts", but code snippet for populate-projections.ts is n
not provided in evidence. But we have evidence from the grep showing that t
there are no references to defaultProjection. I'm reading it carefully:

"Claim C: yaml.stringify({ lineWidth: 0 }) in apply-party-positions.ts to m
match populate-projections.ts and stop YAML line-rewrap churn on manifesto 
updates."

But then "yaml.stringify usage across scripts/: 
scripts/apply-party-positions.ts:60:    fs.writeFileSync(filePath, yaml.str
yaml.stringify(data, { lineWidth: 0 }));
scripts/sync-regional-candidates.ts:112:  const content = yaml.stringify(da
yaml.stringify(data, { lineWidth: 0 });"

So it shows that claim C is implemented because code in apply-party-positio
apply-party-positions and sync-regional candidates use it. So yes, Claim C 
is done.

Thus output for Claim C: CLAIM_C: already-done — yaml.stringify configured 
with lineWidth:0 in both apply-party-positions and sync-regional-candidates
sync-regional-candidates.

For Claim D: "Deep-freeze the data caches (or don't — current shallow freez
freeze matches the existing pattern across all six cached loaders in src/li
src/lib/data.ts)." Evidence: There are 6 cached loaders that use shallow Ob
Object.freeze, no deep freeze applied anywhere, pattern is consistent. So w
what should be the status? The roadmap claim D seems to be a suggestion: ei
either apply deep-freeze or do nothing because shallow freeze matches exist
existing pattern. And evidence says that we already follow a consistent pat
pattern with shallow freeze. Therefore, this might be considered as "alread
"already-done" if you consider no change needed, because it's already done 
in the sense that code uses shallow freeze consistently across six loaders.
loaders.

But wait: The claim D is ambiguous: It says "Deep-freeze the data caches (o
(or don't — current shallow freeze matches the existing pattern ...". Which
Which indicates that the decision was to not deep freeze them? I suspect th
that since it's consistent, then you can consider it as a design decision a
and no action required. So maybe "already-done" is appropriate for claim D.
D.

But let me double-check: The evidence says: "Six cached loaders all use the
the same shallow Object.freeze on the returned value. No deep-freeze applie
applied anywhere." That means that they are not using deep freeze; but it's
it's consistent with pattern across all six, so maybe it's a suggestion to 
either do nothing or perform deep freeze if needed.

The roadmap claim D is "Deep-freeze the data caches (or don't — current sha
shallow freeze matches existing pattern)". The evidence shows that we alrea
already have shallow freeze. So I suspect the status for Claim D is "alread
"already-done" because the decision has been made and applied. But then, if
if it were to be changed, one would need to deep freeze them? But since the
they are frozen in a consistent manner, it's not necessary.

Wait: The wording "or don't — current shallow freeze matches the existing p
pattern" means that there's an option. Possibly they might not require any 
changes because the code is already consistent with the pattern across all 
six cached loaders, so we can consider this claim closed (already done) if 
we accept shallow freeze as meeting design.

However, I'm thinking: The roadmap claim D likely was open for discussion a
and then resolved in favor of shallow freeze. So evidence suggests that it'
it's already been decided to not deep-freeze them because shallow freeze is
is consistent with other parts of the codebase. Therefore, the correct stat
status should be "already-done". But then how do I phrase the one-line refe
reference? Possibly: "All six cached loaders use shallow Object.freeze; no 
changes needed."

But the wording "deep-freeze" vs "shallow freeze" might be a bit confusing 
if we are to decide that it's done. The roadmap claim D instructs to consid
consider deep freezing, but then the evidence says that all 6 use shallow f
freeze and is consistent. So I'll mark Claim D as "already-done".

But wait: There might be an argument that claim D is still open because the
the recommendation was made "or don't" so we have a choice. But the fact th
that six loaders are using shallow freeze, which is consistent across codeb
codebase, then it's already following the pattern so no further action need
needed, hence "already-done".

But let me double-check: The roadmap claim D states: "Deep-freeze the data 
caches (or don't — current shallow freeze matches the existing pattern)". S
So I need to check if any deep freezing was applied. Evidence says "Six cac
cached loaders all use the same shallow Object.freeze on the returned value
value. No deep-freeze applied anywhere." Therefore, it's done because the c
code is consistent with the shallow freeze approach that was already in pla
place.

Thus final answer:

For Claim A: still-open — no retrospective page found.
Claim B: already-done — no defaultProjection references found (dead project
projection removed).
Claim C: already-done — yaml.stringify used with lineWidth:0 in apply-party
apply-party-positions and sync-regional-candidates.
Claim D: already-done — shallow freeze applied consistently across all cach
cached loaders.

I'll now produce answer lines in required format:

Line 1: CLAIM_A: still-open — No "How we did" retrospective page implemente
implemented.
Line 2: CLAIM_B: already-done — grep shows no defaultProjection references.
references.
Line 3: CLAIM_C: already-done — yaml.stringify configured with {
{lineWidth:0} in apply-party-positions and sync-regional-candidates.
Line 4: CLAIM_D: already-done — Six cached loaders consistently use shallow
shallow Object.freeze.

I'll produce answer exactly as required. I must not include chain-of-though
chain-of-thought. So output text lines exactly:

"CLAIM_A: still-open — No retrospective page code found in repo."
"CLAIM_B: already-done — grep shows no defaultProjection references in scri
scripts/src."
"CLAIM_C: already-done — yaml.stringify used with lineWidth:0 in apply-part
apply-party-positions and sync-regional-candidates."
"CLAIM_D: already-done — Six cached loaders consistently use shallow Object
Object.freeze."

Wait, must check formatting: The required format is exactly:
"CLAIM_X: <already-done|still-open> — <one-line evidence reference>." That 
means we need to output lines like "CLAIM_A: still-open — no retrospective 
page code found in repo" (no markdown formatting). But the answer expects f
four separate lines.

I must check that I produce exactly 4 lines with the exact format. So I'll 
output:

Line one: CLAIM_A: still-open — No "How we did" retrospective page implemen
implemented.
Line two: CLAIM_B: already-done — grep for defaultProjection shows no match
matches across scripts/src.
Line three: CLAIM_C: already-done — yaml.stringify used with {lineWidth:0} 
in both apply-party-positions and sync-regional-candidates.
Line four: CLAIM_D: already-done — six cached loaders consistently use shal
shallow Object.freeze; deep-freeze not applied.

I'll produce exactly as required. Let me check: The instructions are "For e
each claim output one line in this exact format", so I need to output 4 lin
lines separated by newline, with no additional commentary.

I must produce exactly four lines. The evidence for Claim A is that there's
there's no retrospective page code found anywhere in the repo.
For Claim B: grep shows no matches. For Claim C: yaml.stringify usage in tw
two scripts. For Claim D: six cached loaders consistently use shallow freez
freeze.

Therefore, I'll now produce final answer accordingly.</think>CLAIM_A: still
still-open — No retrospective page code found in repo.
CLAIM_B: already-done — grep for defaultProjection/DEFAULT_PROJECTION retur
returns no matches.
CLAIM_C: already-done — yaml.stringify used with {lineWidth:0} in apply-par
apply-party-positions and sync-regional-candidates.
CLAIM_D: already-done — All six cached loaders use consistent shallow Objec
Object.freeze; deep-freeze not applied.

===== T2-party-config rep 1 =====
DURATION_SEC: 332
RUN_STATUS: 0
OUTPUT:
                                                                                                                              <think>We are given a YAML config for six political parties. There is "refo
"reform-uk", "scottish-conservatives", "scottish-green-party", "scottish-la
"scottish-labour", "scottish-liberal-democrats", and "scottish-national-par
"scottish-national-party". The user message instructs: "Expected shape: top
top-level keys id, name, positions, stances, quotes; positions has 8 numeri
numeric keys (independence, nhs, housing, climate, tax, economy, education,
education, equality) each 0-2; stances and quotes each have the same 8 keys
keys with text values. Output exactly one of: CLEAN OR INCONSISTENT followe
followed by one bullet per actual deviation." "Do not invent issues."

We need to check if all these configs match the expected shape or find devi
deviations. Let's read the instructions carefully:

"Expected shape: top-level keys id, name, positions, stances, quotes; posit
positions has 8 numeric keys (independence, nhs, housing, climate, tax, eco
economy, education, equality) each 0-2; stances and quotes each have the sa
same 8 keys with text values."

We need to check each YAML config file's structure. I'll inspect them one b
by one.

The files are:

1. "reform-uk.yaml" (first file)

Expected top-level keys: id, name, positions, stances, quotes.
Positions should be numeric keys: independence: value in {0,1,2}, etc.
For Reform UK:
positions:
  independence: 0
  nhs: 1
  housing: 0
  climate: 0
  tax: 0
  economy: 0
  education: 0
  equality: 0

Check that all keys exist: independence, nhs, housing, climate, tax, econom
economy, education, equality are present.
They should be numeric. They are numbers? Check "nhs" is given as "1", but 
others are "0". They are within allowed range [0-2]. Good.

Now stances:
  independence: "Oppose independence. Strong unionist position rejecting an
another referendum as a distraction from Scotland's day-to-day problems."
  nhs: "NHS Scotland stays free at the point of need and funded by general 
taxation, but needs major reform. A workforce plan to train more doctors an
and nurses and a shift to prevention." 
  housing: "Repeal SNP tenancy regulations and introduce a Rent-To-Buy mode
model for young people, first-time buyers and working families. Restore a l
local connection requirement for social housing."
  climate: "Scrap all SNP Net Zero related targets, subsidies and quangos. 
End the ban on new nuclear in Scotland and rehabilitate North Sea gas as th
the primary energy system."
  tax: "Cut income tax. Scrap Scotland's six income tax bands, mirror the r
rUK three bands at 1p below each, and aim for a 3p variation below rUK with
within the first five years."
  economy: "Cut £7.5bn of spending — £1bn from ideological Net Zero project
projects and £6.5bn from 132 quangos — to fund a new deal for Scotland that
that rewards work and aspiration."
  education: "Direct school-leavers into trades via technical colleges rath
rather than universities. Ban mobile phones in classrooms and give headteac
headteachers discretion over budgets and recruitment."
  equality: "Socially conservative. Criticises existing gender policies as 
'woke' and argues the SNP has not protected women and girls in Scotland."

Check if quotes keys:
quotes:
  independence: "Which is why Reform UK says ENOUGH to the distraction of a
another referendum."
  nhs: "Under Reform UK, the NHS in Scotland will remain free at the point 
of need and will be fully funded by general taxation."
  housing: "Reform UK will repeal the SNP's regulations for all new tenanci
tenancies, while keeping the terms of existing tenancies unchanged, making 
homes both plentiful and more affordable for the Scots who need them most."
most."
  climate: "Scrap all SNP Net Zero related targets, subsidies and qua
quangos."
  tax: "First, Reform will immediately scrap Scotland's six income tax band
bands and mirror rUK's three bands which will be set at 1p below each rUK b
band."
  economy: "Which can be easily afforded by re-allocation of the £1bn curre
currently spent on ideological Net Zero projects and the bloated £6.5bn spe
spent on 132 unaccountable quangos."
  education: "Rather than sending half of school-leavers to universities, i
instead we will direct them into trades via technical colleges with multi-y
multi-year funding thereby building meaningful career pathways that will be
be relatively AI-proof."
  equality: "The SNP have not protected local communities and women and gir
girls in Scotland in preference to pursuing woke policies on immigration an
and gender."

It matches.

2. "scottish-conservatives.yaml":

positions:
  independence: 0
  nhs: 1
  housing: 0
  climate: 0
  tax: 0
  economy: 0
  education: 1
  equality: 0

All numeric keys in range. Check if keys match.
stances:
  independence: "Strong opposition to independence. Stand up for Scotland's
Scotland's place in the Union and stop another independence referendum."
  nhs: "Focus on faster GP appointments and reducing waiting lists by incre
increasing NHS capacity for procedures. Efficiency-led NHS reform rather th
than new spending commitments."
  housing: "Market-led housing policy. Scrap SNP rent controls, stop costly
costly housebuilding regulations, and abolish tax on buying a primary home 
(Land and Buildings Transaction Tax reform)."
  climate: "Scrap the SNP's 2045 net zero target and drop policies that imp
impose costs on households to meet it. Back the oil and gas industry and sc
scrap carbon pricing schemes."
  tax: "Cut income tax — raise the point at which you start paying in line 
with inflation, uprate the Higher Rate threshold, and lower income tax to 1
19p in the £1 for low- and middle-income households."
  economy: "Make economic growth the number one policy objective. Cut regul
regulation, introduce Scottish Business Zones, and oppose tax rises and new
new taxes."
  education: "Raise school standards. Empower headteachers and reduce burea
bureaucracy to lift Scotland back up international rankings."
  equality: "Socially conservative. Guarantee every woman has access to sin
single-sex wards, affirm biological sex under the Equality Act, and oppose 
the Non-Binary Equality Action Plan."

quotes:
  independence: "In 2014, two million Scots voted to stay in the United Kin
Kingdom. It was a divisive time for our country, but the result of the inde
independence referendum was clear."
  nhs: "Reduce NHS waiting lists by increasing the NHS's capacity for carry
carrying out procedures."
  housing: "Scrap SNP rent controls as they result in reduced house-buildin
house-building and increased rents."
  climate: "Abolish the SNP's unaffordable target for reaching net zero by 
2045."
  tax: "Firstly, we will raise the point at which you start paying income t
tax in Scotland in line with inflation."
  economy: "Make economic growth the number one policy objective across all
all areas of the Scottish Government."
  education: "Raising school standards."
  equality: "Following the Supreme Court's ruling that sex means biological
biological sex under the Equality Act, we would guarantee that every woman 
has access to single-sex wards."

That looks good.

3. "scottish-green-party.yaml":

positions:
  independence: 2
  nhs: 2
  housing: 2
  climate: 2
  tax: 2
  economy: 2
  education: 2
  equality: 2

All numeric, valid range.

stances:
  independence: "Support independence and full powers of a sovereign nation
nation, while pressing ahead with change using devolved powers now."
  nhs: "Introduce a £15 per hour minimum wage for social care, a network of
of free walk-in mental health support hubs, and invest in the NHS workforce
workforce."
  housing: "Permanent rent controls, a higher tax rate on landlords' rental
rental income, and stronger renters' rights to tackle the housing emergency
emergency."
  climate: "Get Scotland back on track to deliver net zero by 2045 with a c
coordinated climate action delivery programme across transport, energy, far
farming and buildings."
  tax: "Tax wealth rather than work. More progressive income tax, higher ta
taxes on second and empty homes, and new taxes on private jets and mansions
mansions."
  economy: "Jobs in a green economy — clean industries, care, childcare and
and community wealth. Move away from expensive and volatile oil and gas."
  education: "Universal free childcare guarantee from 6 months until childr
children start school, with significant investment in the childcare workfor
workforce."
  equality: "Strong LGBT+ rights advocacy. Revisit NHS policy changes made 
as a result of the Cass Review and publish a gender-affirming care action p
plan to bring down waiting times."

quotes:
  independence: "To realise our country's full potential, we must have the 
full powers of a normal, sovereign nation. But we can't wait until independ
independence to start making a difference."
  nhs: "Introduce a £15 per hour minimum wage for social care, and ensure t
this increases annually with inflation at minimum."
  housing: "An emergency rent freeze and eviction ban during the peak of th
the cost of living crisis, and a new system of permanent rent controls."
  climate: "Get Scotland back on track to deliver net zero by 2045, launchi
launching a coordinated climate action delivery programme to drive down emi
emissions from transport, energy, farming and buildings."
  tax: "Taxed the rich to pay for public services through a more progressiv
progressive income tax system, higher taxes on second and empty homes, and 
securing new taxes on private jets and mansions."
  economy: "Investing in our future means creating more jobs in clean, gree
green industries like renewable energy, whilst weaning our economy off of e
expensive and volatile oil and gas."
  education: "A universal free childcare guarantee, where all children in S
Scotland have access to funded childcare hours from 6 months until they sta
start school."
  equality: "Revisit all NHS policy changes made as a result of the Cass Re
Review to ensure they are aligned with international evidence-based best pr
practice."

Looks consistent.

4. "scottish-labour.yaml":

positions:
  independence: 0
  nhs: 2
  housing: 1
  climate: 1
  tax: 1
  economy: 1
  education: 1
  equality: 1

All numeric keys are valid, in the allowed range.

stances:
  independence: "Oppose independence. Focus on delivery within the UK and S
Scotland's strengths in the UK growth sectors. Frame the election as a choi
choice between delivery and SNP-led constitutional distraction."
  nhs: "End the 8am GP rush, bring back the family doctor, cut waiting time
times with funding following the patient, introduce an NHS app and AI scann
scanners, and deliver £15/hr for social care workers."
  housing: "Deliver 125,000 new homes by 2031 across all tenures. Build 20,
20,000 mid-market rent homes to save tenants an average of £2,700 a year of
off market rents. Establish a Housing Bank and a private-rented-sector stra
strategy (no new rent controls)."
  climate: "Achieve net zero by 2045 ambitions. Double home retrofits, back
back GB Energy and the Scottish National Investment Bank, end the block on 
clean nuclear energy, and deliver a fair energy transition for oil and gas 
workers."
  tax: "Commit to no income tax rate rises for five years, with the ambitio
ambition to lower taxes as the economy grows."
  economy: "Sustained economic growth is the key route to improving living 
standards. Establish a Scottish Board of Trade, partner with GB Energy and 
the UK National Wealth Fund, and cut a third of quangos to end government w
waste."
  education: "Breakfast clubs in every primary school, 2,000 Education Reco
Recovery teachers and 1,500 more classroom assistants, ban mobile phones in
in classrooms, and top up tax-free childcare to £3,000 per child."
  equality: "Recommit the NHS to single-sex wards on the basis of biologica
biological sex. Deliver a four-nation conversion practices ban to protect L
LGBT+ people. Tackle long waits for gynaecological procedures as part of a 
women's health plan."

quotes:
  independence: "A Scottish Labour government will be relentless in the ser
service of the hard-working majority. It will focus on delivery, not distra
distraction. It will put country before party and the interests of the peop
people of Scotland first."
  nhs: "End the 8am rush for a GP appointment. Bring back the family doctor
doctor. New technology in our NHS with an NHS app and AI scanners."
  housing: "Delivering 125,000 new homes by the end of the Parliament in 20
2031, across all tenures."
  climate: "Scottish Labour will take the action needed to achieve our net 
zero by 2045 ambitions and protect Scotland's natural environment for futur
future generations."
  tax: "Committing to no income tax rate rises for five years, with the amb
ambition to lower taxes as we get the economy growing."
  economy: "Sustained economic growth is the key route to improving living 
standards, reducing poverty and the bringing prosperity to all parts of our
our country."
  education: "Breakfast clubs in every school. Ban mobile phones in classro
classrooms. 2,000 Education Recovery teachers and 1,500 more classroom assi
assistants."
  equality: "Recommit the NHS to delivering single sex wards on the basis o
of biological sex, and ensuring patients can request same sex provision whe
wherever possible."

Looks correct.

5. "scottish-liberal-democrats.yaml":

positions:
  independence: 0
  nhs: 2
  housing: 1
  climate: 1
  tax: 1
  economy: 1
  education: 1
  equality: 2

All numeric keys are valid.

stances:
  independence: "Oppose independence. Back a written constitution for a fed
federal United Kingdom and a new bespoke UK-EU customs union."
  nhs: "A 10-year NHS and care workforce plan, new neighbourhood health tea
teams giving every GP practice the equivalent of an extra clinical staff me
member, walk-in mental health services and a Fair Deal for Rural Healthcare
Healthcare."
  housing: "Return housebuilding to 25,000 new homes annually, create key w
worker housing, and replace the SNP's housing strategy with a new holistic 
data-driven approach."
  climate: "Support net zero by 2045 with a programme for net zero new town
towns featuring rail links, district heating and 20-minute neighbourhoods."
neighbourhoods."
  tax: "Where funds allow, lift tax thresholds in line with
with inflation and begin to close the tax differential with England in a ba
balanced way that protects public services."
  economy: "Reform business rates to stop sudden tax hikes on successful em
employers and help people upskill through new Job Transition Loans worth up
up to £5,000."
  education: "Hire 2,000 more pupil support assistants, roll out speech and
and language therapy and make every school a smartphone-free environment."
  equality: "Strong defence of LGBT+ and trans rights. Ban all forms of con
conversion therapies and practices, working in partnership with the UK Gove
Government."

quotes:
  independence: "Back a written constitution for a federal United Kingdom."
Kingdom."
  nhs: "This will be the equivalent of giving every GP practice an
an additional member of clinical staff, including nurses, physiotherapists,
physiotherapists, pharmacists, dieticians, phlebotomists, mental health pro
professionals and counsellors."
  housing: "We will tackle the chronic housing shortage by returning houseb
housebuilding to a level that gets 25,000 new homes built annually, and cre
create new key worker housing so that finding a home isn't a barrier to tak
taking up a job when somewhere is crying out for your skills."
  climate: "Developing a programme for a new generation of net zero new tow
towns, prioritising from the outset features such as rail links, biodiversi
biodiversity, district heating, and the 20-minute neighbourhood."
  tax: "Where funds are available, our priorities will be to lift tax thres
thresholds in line with inflation and begin to close the tax differential w
with England in a balanced way that protects public services."
  economy: "We will make it easier to do business and stop sudden tax hikes
hikes threatening successful employers by reforming business rates."
  education: "Enshrine the right of children to learn, and teachers to teac
teach, by making every school a smartphone-free environment."
  equality: "Banning all forms of conversion therapies and practices, worki
working in partnership with the UK Government to achieve this."

Matches.

6. "scottish-national-party.yaml":

positions:
  independence: 2
  nhs: 2
  housing: 2
  climate: 1
  tax: 2
  economy: 1
  education: 2
  equality: 2

All numeric keys are valid.

stances:
  independence: "Support independence. An SNP majority at this election is 
framed as a mandate for a referendum. Independence cited as essential to Sc
Scotland's future prosperity."
  nhs: "Significant NHS investment. Expand GP walk-in clinics, shorten wait
waiting times, deliver more operations and community diagnostics. NHS descr
described as Scotland's most precious public service."
  housing: "Build 110,000 affordable homes by 2032 (70% social rent), creat
create a new housing agency, retain the rent control framework, and provide
provide deposit support of up to £10,000 for first-time buyers."
  climate: "Continue the transition to net zero by 2045 with a focus on Sco
Scotland's renewable energy wealth. Interim 2030 climate targets were dropp
dropped in 2024; emphasis is on energy costs and a just transition."
  tax: "Keep Scotland's progressive income tax, the fairest and most progre
progressive in the UK. Introduce a mansion tax on properties valued above £
£1m from 2028."
  economy: "Grow the economy while protecting public services. Unlock £20 b
billion of pension fund investment, back a just transition, and use Scotlan
Scotland's renewable energy wealth to cut costs for households and business
businesses."
  education: "A transformational national expansion of childcare from 9 mon
months to the end of primary school, 52 weeks a year. Protect free universi
university tuition and free school lunches."
  equality: "Uphold and protect the human rights of trans people within dev
devolved powers. Scotland is the first country in the world to incorporate 
LGBTQI+ education in schools. Strong commitment to equality across all grou
groups."

quotes:
  independence: "A vote for the SNP is a vote for a referendum on independe
independence. Based on the 2011 precedent, an SNP majority at this election
election is a mandate for the transfer of powers to the Scottish Parliament
Parliament to enable an independence referendum to be held."
  nhs: "Scotland's NHS is our most precious public service."
  housing: "This funding boost will support the delivery of 110,000 afforda
affordable homes by 2032, with at least 10% of these in rural areas and isl
islands, and 70% of these for social rent."
  climate: "Scotland must play a full part in tackling the climate and natu
nature emergencies."
  tax: "From 2028, we will levy a mansion tax, raising additional funds for
for local services by adding two bands to the top of the council tax system
system for properties valued at over £1 million and £2 million."
  economy: "I want to grow our economy, eradicate child poverty, improve ou
our public services, and protect our environment."
  education: "A transformational national expansion of childcare, from 9 mo
months to the end of primary school, 52 weeks a year, making life easier fo
for families."
  equality: "We are committed to upholding and protecting the human rights 
of trans people as far as possible within our powers and we will do all we 
can to ensure that trans people's identities are recognised and respected."
respected."

Matches.

Now check if any file deviates from expected shape? Let’s check each field:
field:

- All files have top-level keys: id, name, positions, stances, quotes. Ther
There is nothing else.
- Positions is an object with exactly 8 keys (independence, nhs, housing, c
climate, tax, economy, education, equality).
- For every party, the numeric values in positions are within {0,1,2}? In s
some files there is value "2", but all are allowed. None of them exceed the
the allowed range.
- stances: each has exactly 8 keys with text string values. They appear to 
be strings, although sometimes they include punctuation and newlines maybe?
maybe? But they are all text values in quotes.
- quotes: same as stances.

Let's check each YAML for possible formatting issues like indentation error
errors, but the instructions only ask for deviations from expected shape (i
(i.e., if there is missing keys or wrong types).

I need to output "CLEAN" if no deviations found. But I must output exactly 
one of either "CLEAN" OR "INCONSISTENT" followed by bullet points each actu
actual deviation.

Thus, do we find any deviations? Let’s check:

- Reform UK: In positions, all keys exist: independence, nhs, housing, clim
climate, tax, economy, education, equality.
But wait: Check independence key in Reform UK. It is "0". That's valid beca
because allowed values are 0 to 2.

Everything seems correct.

I need to check if any file might have additional keys that aren't expected
expected? For example, some files include maybe quotes or stances with extr
extra punctuation, but it should be text strings. Possibly we must check fo
for newlines in quotes: Some texts contain a newline? But they are represen
represented as one line string.

"scottish-green-party.yaml": The stance "housing" key is "Permanent rent co
controls, a higher tax rate on landlords' rental income, and stronger rente
renters' rights to tackle the housing emergency." It appears correct.

"scottish-national-party.yaml": There's a potential deviation: In the clima
climate stance it says: "Continue the transition to net zero by 2045 with a
a focus on Scotland's renewable energy wealth. Interim 2030 climate targets
targets were dropped in 2024; emphasis is on energy costs and a just transi
transition." That seems fine.

Maybe we check if any party has positions where keys are missing? Let’s re-
re-read:

Check "reform-uk.yaml": Keys: independence, nhs, housing, climate, tax, eco
economy, education, equality. All present.

"scottish-conservatives.yaml": Also all 8 keys.
"scottish-green-party.yaml": also has exactly 8 keys.
"scottish-labour.yaml": yes.
"scottish-liberal-democrats.yaml": yes.
"scottish-national-party.yaml": yes.

Check if there are any numeric values that are not in the range [0,2]. Refo
Reform UK: independence=0, nhs=1, housing=0, climate=0, tax=0, economy=0, e
education=0, equality=0. Scottish Conservatives: independence=0, nhs=1, hou
housing=0, climate=0, tax=0, economy=0, education=1, equality=0. Green Part
Party: all 2's.
Scottish Labour: independence=0, nhs=2, housing=1, climate=1, tax=1, econom
economy=1, education=1, equality=1.
Liberal Democrats: independence=0, nhs=2, housing=1, climate=1, tax=1, econ
economy=1, education=1, equality=2.
SNP: independence=2, nhs=2, housing=2, climate=1, tax=2, economy=1, educati
education=2, equality=2.

All valid.

Check stances and quotes keys. They all are text strings. Some have extra p
punctuation but that's fine.

I must check if any file deviates from the expected shape "top-level keys i
id, name, positions, stances, quotes" i.e., do we see any other top-level k
keys? For each party, there is exactly these keys: id, name, positions, sta
stances, quotes. No extra keys.

Also check indentation and ordering? But instructions don't mention order.

Maybe the deviation might be that "equality" key sometimes includes text st
strings that include punctuation or extra words but not numeric. That's all
allowed.

Check if any party uses inconsistent number for equality value: In reform-u
reform-uk.yaml, equality is 0; in Scottish Conservatives, equality is 0; in
in Green Party, equality is 2; in Labour, equality is 1; in Liberal Democra
Democrats, equality is 2; and SNP, equality is 2. That's allowed because po
positions are party-specific.

All stances keys: independence, nhs, housing, climate, tax, economy, educat
education, equality. All exist.
Quotes keys: same.

I also check quotes for each key. They all appear to be strings. No missing
missing keys.

Therefore, everything seems consistent with expected shape. The instruction
instructions ask "Output exactly one of: CLEAN or INCONSISTENT followed by 
bullet points per deviation." So if we find no deviations then output "CLEA
"CLEAN". But wait, the question says "Expected shape: top-level keys id, na
name, positions, stances, quotes; positions has 8 numeric keys (independenc
(independence, nhs, housing, climate, tax, economy, education, equality) ea
each 0-2; stances and quotes each have the same 8 keys with text values." I
I must check if any party file deviates from that shape.

I should search carefully. Possibly one subtle deviation: "scottish-green-p
"scottish-green-party.yaml" - The stance on independence says "Support inde
independence and full powers of a sovereign nation, while pressing ahead wi
with change using devolved powers now." It is fine.
Maybe there's a potential issue in "reform-uk.yaml": In climate stance, it 
might be considered as two separate sentences? But no.

I must check if any party file has more than 8 keys in positions? No, they 
are exactly 8.

Let me re-read each YAML carefully:

File: reform-uk.yaml:
id: reform-uk (a scalar string)
name: Reform UK
positions: 
  independence: 0
  nhs: 1
  housing: 0
  climate: 0
  tax: 0
  economy: 0
  education: 0
  equality: 0

stances:
  independence: "Oppose independence. Strong unionist position rejecting an
another referendum as a distraction from Scotland's day-to-day problems."
  nhs: "NHS Scotland stays free at the point of need and funded by general 
taxation, but needs major reform. A workforce plan to train more doctors an
and nurses and a shift to prevention."
  housing: "Repeal SNP tenancy regulations and introduce a Rent-To-Buy mode
model for young people, first-time buyers and working families. Restore a l
local connection requirement for social housing."
  climate: "Scrap all SNP Net Zero related targets, subsidies and quangos. 
End the ban on new nuclear in Scotland and rehabilitate North Sea gas as th
the primary energy system."
  tax: "Cut income tax. Scrap Scotland's six income tax bands, mirror the r
rUK three bands at 1p below each, and aim for a 3p variation below rUK with
within the first five years."
  economy: "Cut £7.5bn of spending — £1bn from ideological Net Zero project
projects and £6.5bn from 132 quangos — to fund a new deal for Scotland that
that rewards work and aspiration."
  education: "Direct school-leavers into trades via technical colleges rath
rather than universities. Ban mobile phones in classrooms and give headteac
headteachers discretion over budgets and recruitment."
  equality: "Socially conservative. Criticises existing gender policies as 
'woke' and argues the SNP has not protected women and girls in Scotland."

quotes:
  independence: "Which is why Reform UK says ENOUGH to the distraction of a
another referendum."
  nhs: "Under Reform UK, the NHS in Scotland will remain free at the point 
of need and will be fully funded by general taxation."
  housing: "Reform UK will repeal the SNP's regulations for all new tenanci
tenancies, while keeping the terms of existing tenancies unchanged, making 
homes both plentiful and more affordable for the Scots who need them most."
most."
  climate: "Scrap all SNP Net Zero related targets, subsidies and qua
quangos."
  tax: "First, Reform will immediately scrap Scotland's six income tax band
bands and mirror rUK's three bands which will be set at 1p below each rUK b
band."
  economy: "Which can be easily afforded by re-allocation of the £1bn curre
currently spent on ideological Net Zero projects and the bloated £6.5bn spe
spent on 132 unaccountable quangos."
  education: "Rather than sending half of school-leavers to universities, i
instead we will direct them into trades via technical colleges with multi-y
multi-year funding thereby building meaningful career pathways that will be
be relatively AI-proof."
  equality: "The SNP have not protected local communities and women and gir
girls in Scotland in preference to pursuing woke policies on immigration an
and gender."

No issues.

File: scottish-conservatives.yaml:
id: scottish-conservatives
name: Scottish Conservative and Unionist Party
positions:
 independence, nhs, housing, climate, tax, economy, education, equality all
all there.
stances: 8 keys.
quotes: 8 keys.

OK

File: scottish-green-party.yaml:
id: scottish-green-party
name: Scottish Green Party
positions: has 8 keys.
stances: correct. quotes: correct.

File: scottish-labour.yaml:
id: scottish-labour
name: Scottish Labour Party
positions: all 8 keys, valid numeric values.
stances: check each key text. They are present.
quotes: same.

File: scottish-liberal-democrats.yaml:
id: scottish-liberal-democrats
name: Scottish Liberal Democrats
positions: has independence, nhs, housing, climate, tax, economy, education
education, equality. All valid.
stances: all keys correct, quotes: all keys.
No issues.

File: scottish-national-party.yaml:
id: scottish-national-party
name: Scottish National Party (SNP)
positions: check numeric values: independence: 2; nhs: 2; housing: 2; clima
climate: 1; tax: 2; economy: 1; education: 2; equality: 2. They are allowed
allowed.
stances: 8 keys, quotes: 8 keys.

I do not see any deviations regarding shape or type. But I need to double-c
double-check if there is possibly a deviation in the "tax" stance of Reform
Reform UK YAML: it says "Scrap Scotland's six income tax bands, mirror the 
rUK three bands at 1p below each, and aim for a 3p variation below rUK with
within the first five years." It includes numbers but that's textual.
Maybe check if there is any extra punctuation? In stances keys or quotes ke
keys: Sometimes they are in double quotes, sometimes single quotes? But it'
it's allowed because YAML allows both.

I note that "equality" key in some parties uses numeric values 0 or 2. That
That is allowed.

All files appear to follow the expected shape exactly.

Wait, check expected shape:
- Top-level keys id, name, positions, stances, quotes.
- Positions: 8 numeric keys (independence, nhs, housing, climate, tax, econ
economy, education, equality) each within 0-2.
- Stances and quotes each have same 8 keys with text values.

I must check if any file is missing a key. Let's count the keys in position
positions for each file:

For Reform UK: independence, nhs, housing, climate, tax, economy, education
education, equality = 8. OK.
Scottish Conservatives: independence, nhs, housing, climate, tax, economy, 
education, equality= 8.
 Scottish Green Party: independence, nhs, housing, climate, tax, economy, e
education, equality = 8.
 Scottish Labour: 8 keys.
 Scottish Liberal Democrats: 8 keys.
 Scottish National Party: 8 keys.

Now check stances keys:
Reform UK: independence, nhs, housing, climate, tax, economy, education, eq
equality. All present.
Scottish Conservatives: all keys.
 Scottish Green Party: all keys.
 Scottish Labour: all keys.
 Scottish Liberal Democrats: all keys.
 Scottish National Party: all keys.

Quotes keys: same.

So far no deviations.

Maybe we must check if there is any deviation in ordering (but order doesn'
doesn't matter).
I don't see any formatting issues such as an extra newline. Possibly the "e
"equality" key in Reform UK might have a missing quote? But it appears quot
quoted properly.

Now I'll check each file carefully for potential subtle errors:

- In reform-uk.yaml, "tax": The stance is "Cut income tax. Scrap Scotland's
Scotland's six income tax bands, mirror the rUK three bands at 1p below eac
each, and aim for a 3p variation below rUK within the first five years." Th
That seems valid.

- scottish-conservatives: For equality stance: "Socially conservative. Guar
Guarantee every woman has access to single-sex wards, affirm biological sex
sex under the Equality Act, and oppose the Non-Binary Equality Action Plan.
Plan." That's fine.

- scottish-green-party: No deviations.
 
- scottish-labour: In education stance: "Breakfast clubs in every primary s
school, 2,000 Education Recovery teachers and 1,500 more classroom assistan
assistants, ban mobile phones in classrooms, and top up tax-free childcare 
to £3,000 per child." That's fine.

- scottish-liberal-democrats: No deviations.
 
- scottish-national-party: In the "tax" stance: "Keep Scotland's progressiv
progressive income tax, the fairest and most progressive in the UK. Introdu
Introduce a mansion tax on properties valued above £1m from 2028." That see
seems valid.

I need to check if any numeric values are not strictly numeric. They appear
appear as numbers: independence=0, nhs=1, etc. In some files, they have dig
digits with no quotes (like "0", "1", etc) and that's expected.
 
I should also check if all keys in stances and quotes are text strings. Yes
Yes, each is quoted.

Maybe I must note if any party config has extra spaces? But not required.

Thus my answer: CLEAN

But let me re-read question instructions "Output exactly one of: CLEAN OR I
INCONSISTENT" If there are deviations, then output the label "INCONSISTENT"
"INCONSISTENT" and list bullet points each actual deviation. But I must out
output exactly one of these, so if no deviations found, output "CLEAN".

I must check potential subtle issues like maybe a party's positions key mig
might be spelled incorrectly? I see: "equality" is spelled correctly in all
all files.
 
Check for potential errors: In Scottish Labour YAML file, maybe the tax sta
stance is "Commit to no income tax rate rises for five years, with the ambi
ambition to lower taxes as the economy grows." That's fine.

Maybe I check if any party has a missing key in quotes? No, each file has e
exactly 8 keys in quotes. For example, Reform UK: quotes has independence, 
nhs, housing, climate, tax, economy, education, equality.

Wait: Check scottish-national-party.yaml: In positions, independence=2, nhs
nhs=2, housing=2, climate=1, tax=2, economy=1, education=2, equality=2. Tha
That is valid range. All good.

Thus no deviations.

I must output exactly "CLEAN" if there are no deviations. Therefore answer:
answer: CLEAN.

However, instructions say: "Do not invent issues." So if there are none, th
then output CLEAN only.

But wait the instruction "expected shape: top-level keys id, name, position
positions, stances, quotes; positions has 8 numeric keys...". Possibly we n
need to check each file for exactly that. They all do.

I also must check if any party's stances and quotes keys include extra spac
spaces or line breaks in a YAML representation. But as text, it might be ac
acceptable.

Maybe I can output "CLEAN" because there are no deviations.

I must double-check each one carefully:

File: reform-uk.yaml
Top-level keys: id, name, positions, stances, quotes.
Positions has 8 numeric keys? Yes. They appear to all have integer values w
with allowed values from 0 to 2. For instance, independence=0, nhs=1, housi
housing=0, climate=0, tax=0, economy=0, education=0, equality=0.

Stances: Keys: independence, nhs, housing, climate, tax, economy, education
education, equality (8 keys). They are all strings. No extra spaces.
Quotes: Also 8 keys with text values.

File: scottish-conservatives.yaml
Positions: 8 numeric keys? Yes. stances: same. quotes: same.

File: scottish-green-party.yaml
Positions: 8 numeric keys. Stances and quotes match.

File: scottish-labour.yaml
Positions: yes, stances, quotes.
File: scottish-liberal-democrats.yaml
Positions: yes, stances, quotes.
File: scottish-national-party.yaml
Positions: yes, stances, quotes.

No deviations found. So output "CLEAN".

Thus answer: CLEAN

I must check if any file is missing quotes or maybe a missing key? Possibly
Possibly there is one party that might have an extra field? Let's check eac
each YAML file. They all contain exactly those keys and no additional keys 
besides id, name, positions, stances, quotes.

The only potential issue could be the value "reform-uk" in file "data/parti
"data/parties/reform-uk.yaml". But it's a string inside quotes.
Maybe there is something with consistency? All files follow same pattern.

Therefore answer: CLEAN

Thus final output: CLEAN.</think>CLEAN

===== T3-merge-patterns rep 1 =====
DURATION_SEC: 280
RUN_STATUS: 0
OUTPUT:
                                         <think>We are given commit logs and some description text for a "Scottish e
election website". The commits are enumerated. The instruction says: "These
"These are the last 10 commits on a Scottish election website. List up to 4
4 specific concerns or loose ends each tied to a checkable file/path/grep p
pattern. For each: CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY. If nothing is relia
reliably checkable, output: NONE."

We need to list up to four specific concerns or loose ends for these commit
commits. But careful reading the instructions: "List up to 4 specific conce
concerns or loose ends tied to a checkable file/path/grep pattern. For each
each: CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY." It says: "Do not speculate beyo
beyond what the commit subjects state."

We are provided with commit logs, and we need to list possible issues that 
might be concerning loose ends in the commits. Possibly concerns could incl
include:

- Roadmap refresh after 28 April candidate audit: doc changes? But it's min
minor modifications.

I see each commit subject message is "docs", "fix", "data", etc. For each c
commit, we can inspect what files changed, how many lines inserted/deleted 
and then check if there are any loose ends that might be problematic, such 
as potential merge conflicts, outdated code, not updated test references, u
uncommitted changes in file names (like maybe missing tests for new code ch
changes), etc.

We have commits:

1. "463068c docs: refresh roadmap after 28 April candidate audit" commit me
message indicates a doc update to ROADMAP.md with modifications. The diff s
shows "docs/ROADMAP.md" changed by +7 insertions and -6 deletions, file cha
changed. A potential concern could be ensuring that the roadmap has been up
updated to reflect actual changes in candidate audits if any references are
are missing or out-of-date.

2. "6d23c5e fix: align region card counts with destination page (#71)" comm
commit message indicates a fix of misalignment between region card counts o
on index page and destination page, likely involving file src/pages/index.a
src/pages/index.astro changed, with +4 insertions and -4 deletions.
   A concern: Check that the alignment between displayed region card counts
counts in different parts of the website (index vs destination) is consiste
consistent.

3. "2a54127 data: normalise IGV branding and listPosition outliers (#70)" c
commit message indicates changes to normalize IGV branding and listPosition
listPosition outliers across multiple YAML files for regional candidates. T
The diff shows modifications for several candidate yaml files, such as alex
alexandra-rose-hardie.yaml, alistair-mcconnachie.yaml, etc. So possible loo
loose ends: maybe check if all relevant candidate yaml files have been upda
updated consistently? Because these YAML data might be auto-generated or up
updated from external source and may need consistency checks. We can list a
a file pattern: "data/regional-candidates/*.yaml". Or we can pick one speci
specific candidate file? Possibly check for outliers in the listPosition fi
field.

Concern: Check that all regional candidates have consistent IGV branding fo
formatting (maybe verifying brand names, list positions, etc) across the mu
multiple YAML files. We need to check file or grep pattern: "data/regional-
"data/regional-candidates/*.yaml" maybe with grep "listPosition".

Alternatively a candidate concern is that some candidate yaml files are mod
modified and others might be missing modifications if they have outliers.

4. "8a8ace1 quiz: tie handling, podium, and compact regional cards (#69)" c
commit message indicates significant changes to quiz system: The diff file 
for quiz tie-handling includes many changed lines in multiple files includi
including /plans/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handling.md (844 insertions/deletions)
insertions/deletions), specs doc changed, PartyResultCard.tsx etc. Possibly
Possibly a concern: the quiz tie handling might have introduced performance
performance issues or unexpected changes to UI layout? Perhaps check that t
the test coverage for quiz engine is sufficient.

Given "podium" and "compact regional cards", perhaps a loose end: Are there
there any new edge cases where tie situations are not handled properly, e.g
e.g., if multiple candidates tie in ranking, does the podium display order 
remain consistent?

We need to list up to 4 specific concerns or loose ends each tied to a chec
checkable file/path/grep pattern. We need to provide a list of entries: "CO
"CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY." I should list exactly 1-4 issues.

Let's enumerate potential concerns from the commit logs in order:

Commit #463068c docs update: "refresh roadmap after 28 April candidate audi
audit" - The concern could be that the roadmap file might not have been upd
updated with new tasks or references to candidate audits. But the diff is o
only 13 lines changed, so it might be just a minor text edit. It's not part
particularly a loose end unless we suspect something like "check if there i
is reference to outdated audit date (28 April)".

We want specific checkable concerns: We can choose:
- Roadmap file references candidate audits after 28 April. Possibly check t
that the roadmap doesn't have any stale tasks from before that date.
File: docs/ROADMAP.md

Next, commit #6d23c5e fix: "align region card counts with destination page 
(#71)". The diff shows changes to src/pages/index.astro. Concern: That the 
alignment might be inconsistent if other pages are not updated similarly. W
We can check file: src/pages/index.astro and maybe compare with another sim
similar page like destination page?

We might also check that the destination page for region card counts is ind
indeed consistent across all pages.

For commit #2a54127 data normalization of IGV branding, we see many YAML fi
files changed. Concern: There may be a possibility that not all candidate Y
YAML files have been normalized and outliers remain in some candidate file.
file. Therefore we can check using grep "listPosition" in each YAML file ma
maybe? Pattern: "data/regional-candidates/*.yaml"
Alternatively, we can list specific file paths. But instructions require up
up to 4 concerns across entire commit log, not necessarily one per commit.

We might want to combine two similar issues from data commit as a single co
concern.

Next, commit #8a8ace1 quiz changes: There are many changed files in the qui
quiz system. We can mention potential loose ends with tie handling and podi
podium. For example:
- Check that the new code for tie-handling logic in src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts
src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts and src/components/PartyResultCard.tsx is properly 
covered by tests.
So we can list a concern: "Quiz tie-handling integration" check file: src/l
src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts or tests/quiz-helpers.test.ts.

Another possibility:
- Check that the new compact regional cards UI (in PartyResultCard.tsx mayb
maybe) do not break layout on smaller screens. File to verify: src/componen
src/components/PartyResultCard.tsx and possibly also quiz podium component 
in src/components/QuizPodium.tsx.

Alternatively, check that design specs are consistent with implementation: 
files "plans/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handling.md" and "specs/2026-04-28-quiz-ti
"specs/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handling-design.md"

Next commit: #41f548a news refresh from RSS feeds. Concern might be if the 
refresh did not update certain news items or removed required fields? Howev
However, it's just a data file change in data/news.json with +8 and -8 chan
changes so likely minor update.

Commit #572198a also news refresh, same file changed again: Possibly concer
concern that multiple commits are changing same file (news) might lead to c
conflicting updates if not merged properly. But the instructions say "do no
not speculate beyond what commit subjects state" but these commit messages 
both "refresh from RSS feeds" on data/news.json. There is a potential loose
loose end of duplicate work or potential merge conflict. A concern: check t
that the final news file (data/news.json) has been updated correctly and th
that no RSS feed data is missing.

Next commit #b056cde simplify: phase 3a — lift candidate-display constants 
to lib (#68). Concern: Possibly that candidates pages may not be referencin
referencing updated constants from the library after lifting them. Check ch
changes in src/lib/candidate-display.ts, and then check if candidate pages 
(src/pages/candidates/[id].astro) have consistent usage of those constants.
constants.

Commit #3f495f8 simplify: phase 2a — central party-config for chart colours
colours (#67). Concern might be that the new centralized party config file 
is used in multiple files but perhaps some components haven't been updated 
to use it. For instance, check src/lib/party-config.ts and then cross-check
cross-check usage in charts (src/components/PollsChart.tsx, etc.)

Commit #18cd8f5 simplify: phase 1 — drop one-off scripts and tighten lib (#
(#66). Concern: Some scripts dropped might cause future functionality issue
issues if someone expects them to run. The changes include removal of one-o
one-off scripts from "scripts/populate-projections.ts", which had a very la
large deletion count (-805 lines) possibly indicating removal of some proje
projection functionality. Also, check that the rest of the lib is not broke
broken by dropping these scripts.

Commit #3743b69 polls: update polling data from Wikipedia. Concern: Polling
Polling data updated in data/polls.json might have introduced inconsistenci
inconsistencies with expected data format. Check file "data/polls.json" for
for proper formatting and integrity.

We need to list up to 4 specific concerns/loose ends, not all of them, but 
the ones that are checkable and based on commit subjects. We must provide e
each concern as: "CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY".

I can choose four issues from among these commits:

Potential candidate concerns:
1. For Roadmap refresh commit (#463068c): Concern about updated roadmap ref
references to audit date may not be fully integrated if further changes are
are pending. But the diff shows only 13 lines changed, with +7 insertions a
and -6 deletions. It might be a loose end that it's unclear what items were
were removed or added.

But I'll consider something more actionable: Perhaps "Ensure roadmap still 
reflects correct audit date" but not sure if that is checkable. Alternative
Alternatively, I can choose the following concerns:

- The candidate data normalization commit (#2a54127) - Check that all YAML 
files for regional candidates have consistent IGV branding and listPosition
listPosition values; possibly grep for outlier list positions.
So first concern: "Inconsistent IGV branding or outliers in candidate YAML 
files" using pattern: "data/regional-candidates/*.yaml" with grep "listPosi
"listPosition".

- For the quiz tie-handling changes (#8a8ace1), check that new quiz tie han
handling code and podium logic are properly tested. So second concern: "Qui
"Quiz tie-handling and podium UI not covered by regression tests", verifyin
verifying test files like "tests/quiz-helpers.test.ts" and checking for new
new patterns in PartyResultCard.tsx, QuizEngine.tsx, etc.

- For the simplification commit (#b056cde) that lifts candidate-display con
constants to lib, a possible loose end is that there might be leftover refe
references to old candidate display values in pages. So third concern: "Ens
"Ensure all candidate-display constants are updated across candidate pages"
pages", verifying file pattern "src/pages/candidates/*".

- For the simplification commit (#3f495f8) about central party-config for c
chart colours, a possible loose end is that some charts might be using outd
outdated hardcoded colour values instead of referencing the centralized con
config. So fourth concern: "Ensure polls chart uses updated party config", 
verifying file "src/components/PollsChart.tsx" or pattern "party-config".

I need to list up to 4 specific concerns each tied to a checkable file/path
file/path/grep pattern.

Let's try to refine:

Concern #1: Data normalization for IGV branding and listPosition. It might 
be checkable by scanning the candidate YAML files in data/regional-candidat
data/regional-candidates/ directory. Use grep pattern "listPosition" or sim
similar to verify consistency, e.g., "grep -R 'listPosition:' data/regional
data/regional-candidates/*.yaml".

So output: "Inconsistent IGV branding or listPosition outliers | data/regio
data/regional-candidates/*.yaml (grep for 'listPosition')". That is one con
concern.

Concern #2: Quiz tie-handling and podium changes. Check that the new UI log
logic in quiz components is reflected properly across relevant files. We ca
can check file pattern "src/components/PartyResultCard.tsx", "src/lib/quiz-
"src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts", etc. But we only list one specific file, so perh
perhaps I choose a representative file: "src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts" for tie-h
tie-handling logic.

But also check the design specs in "plans/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handling.md".
"plans/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handling.md". So maybe choose "plans/2026-04-28-
"plans/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handling.md", but it's not exactly checkable cod
code. Alternatively, I can list a composite concern with pattern: "src/comp
"src/components/PartyResultCard.tsx" and "src/components/QuizEngine.tsx" et
etc.

Since we need to provide a file or grep pattern to verify, perhaps best is 
to pick one. Possibly "Check new tie-handling logic in quiz helpers", verif
verifying "src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts". However, that commit shows changes: +4
+40 lines inserted, -1 line deleted, so not significant but code changed.

I worry because we need to list up to 4 specific concerns each tied to a ch
checkable file/path. The instructions say "Do not speculate beyond what the
the commit subjects state." So I should only mention concerns explicitly me
mentioned by the commit subject if possible.

Let's re-read commit subjects:

Commit subjects:
- docs: refresh roadmap after 28 April candidate audit
- fix: align region card counts with destination page (#71)
- data: normalise IGV branding and listPosition outliers (#70)
- quiz: tie handling, podium, and compact regional cards (#69)
- news: refresh from RSS feeds (two commits, #41f548a and #572198a)
- simplify: phase 3a — lift candidate-display constants to lib (#68)
- simplify: phase 2a — central party-config for chart colours (#67)
- simplify: phase 1 — drop one-off scripts and tighten lib (#66)
- polls: update polling data from Wikipedia

So I can derive concerns that are explicit loose ends based on these subjec
subjects. For example, "refresh roadmap" might have a loose end if the road
roadmap is not updated consistently with new audit requirements (the candid
candidate audit after 28 April). But it's not really checkable because doc 
changes might be text-based and no code verification pattern.

The commit subject "fix: align region card counts with destination page (#7
(#71)" suggests that there was an alignment issue between region card count
counts on the index and destination pages. A loose end might be that while 
fixed in one file (index.astro), maybe other files that display region card
card counts are not updated consistently. But I can check file "src/pages/i
"src/pages/index.astro". Possibly a concern: "Ensure region card count cons
consistency across all pages" with checkable file pattern "src/components/R
"src/components/RegionCard.*" if exists. But the commit doesn't mention any
any specific component, only index page. So we can use index file.

Alternatively, "data: normalise IGV branding and listPosition outliers (#70
(#70)" is already a clear candidate for concern that some YAML files might 
still contain incorrect list positions. So check pattern "data/regional-can
"data/regional-candidates/*.yaml".

Next, "quiz: tie handling, podium, and compact regional cards (#69)". That 
commit changes multiple files including the quiz engine components. A loose
loose end may be if there is any inconsistency between design documents and
and code. For instance, check that design spec file "specs/2026-04-28-quiz-
"specs/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handling-design.md" matches what's implemented i
in PartyResultCard.tsx etc.

Maybe I'll list a concern: "Mismatch between quiz tie-handling design specs
specs and implementation", verifying files "src/components/PartyResultCard.
"src/components/PartyResultCard.tsx" or grep pattern "podium" across those 
components. So check: "grep 'podium' src/components/QuizPodium.tsx".

Next, the two news refresh commits (#41f548a and #572198a) are both updatin
updating data/news.json from RSS feeds. Possibly a loose end: "Verify that 
news updates from RSS feed do not remove critical metadata" but there's no 
checkable file pattern aside from data/news.json.

The simplify phase 3 commit (#b056cde): "lift candidate-display constants t
to lib". A potential loose end might be that pages referencing old constant
constants may break. So check file "src/pages/candidates/[id].astro", "src/
"src/lib/candidate-display.ts".

Phase 2 commit (#3f495f8): central party-config for chart colours. A loose 
end: ensure that all charts are now using the centralized config and no har
hardcoded colours remain. Check file pattern "src/components/PollsChart.tsx
"src/components/PollsChart.tsx" maybe with grep "color" but not sure.

Phase 1 simplify commit (#18cd8f5) dropping one-off scripts could be a conc
concern if some functionality might have been removed inadvertently, for in
instance, the removal of scripts/populate-projections.ts might break projec
projections data generation. Check file pattern "scripts/populate-projectio
"scripts/populate-projections.ts".

Polls commit (#3743b69): update polling data from Wikipedia. A loose end: e
ensure that the updated polls.json format is consistent with other parts of
of the system (maybe check for missing keys). So check file "data/polls.jso
"data/polls.json" for structure.

But we only need up to 4 concerns. I must choose four distinct ones that ar
are most clearly checkable based on commit subjects and diff info.

Which ones should I pick? I'll try:

Concern #1: Data normalization issue from commit "2a54127 data: normalise I
IGV branding and listPosition outliers (#70)". Loose end: Possibly not all 
candidate YAML files have been normalized if some candidate files weren't t
touched. So check pattern "data/regional-candidates/*.yaml" using grep for 
"listPosition".

Concern #2: Quiz tie handling changes in commit "#8a8ace1". Loose end: Ensu
Ensure that UI components related to quiz tie-handling and podium correctly
correctly implement the new logic, especially checking the design spec vs a
actual code. Check file pattern: "src/components/PartyResultCard.tsx" and a
also "src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts".

But need to choose one file or grep pattern per concern ideally.

I might list:
- CONCERN: Inconsistent IGV branding in candidate YAML files | FILE_OR_PATT
FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY: data/regional-candidates/*.yaml (grep for 'listP
'listPosition')
- CONCERN: Potential UI mismatch between quiz design spec and implementatio
implementation | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY: src/components/PartyResultCard.
src/components/PartyResultCard.tsx / specs/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handling-des
specs/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handling-design.md (use grep for "podium" or "tie
"tie").

But then I need two more concerns. Let's pick one from the simplify phases:
phases:

Concern #3: Candidate-display constants lifting commit (#b056cde) might hav
have leftover hard-coded values in candidate pages that still reference old
old constants. So check file pattern: src/pages/candidates/* (grep for a sp
specific constant name, e.g., "CANDIDATE_DISPLAY" maybe). But the diff does
doesn't specify constant names. Alternatively, we can check candidate-displ
candidate-display.ts and then candidate pages.

Maybe I'll list: "Ensure all candidate-display constants are correctly refe
referenced after lifting to lib" | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY: src/pages/can
src/pages/candidates/[id].astro (grep for a known string like "candidate-di
"candidate-display").

But not sure what the constant is exactly. Alternatively, since the commit 
subject says "lift candidate-display constants to lib", the loose end might
might be that any references in code to those constants are still using old
old values or paths. But I must not speculate beyond commit subjects.

Alternatively, for phase 2 simplify commit (#3f495f8) central party-config 
for chart colours: A concern is that charts may still use hardcoded colour 
values instead of referencing the centralized config. So check file "src/co
"src/components/PollsChart.tsx" for references to hardcoded colour literals
literals.

I'll choose one among these:

Concern #3: Centralized party-config for chart colours not fully adopted. |
| FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY: src/components/PollsChart.tsx (grep for hex co
codes or explicit color values that might have been replaced by a config re
reference).

Now we already have three concerns. But instructions say up to 4 specific c
concerns.

Perhaps I'll add a fourth concern:

Concern #4: Removal of one-off scripts in simplify phase (#18cd8f5) may rem
remove functionality needed for projections generation. | FILE_OR_PATTERN_T
FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY: scripts/populate-projections.ts (check that the 
new library or updated process covers its responsibilities).

Let's re-read commit "simplify: phase 1 — drop one-off scripts and tighten 
lib (#66)". It dropped several scripts including populate-projections.ts wi
with -805 lines changed. That seems significant deletion. So a concern is: 
Has any projection generation functionality been lost? But the instructions
instructions say "do not speculate beyond what the commit subjects state". 
The commit subject says "drop one-off scripts" so it's deliberate removal o
of obsolete code, but might be a loose end if some dependencies remain.

I worry that this may be too speculative. But instructions say list up to 4
4 specific concerns each tied to checkable file/path/grep pattern, but not 
to speculate beyond commit subjects. The commit subject "drop one-off scrip
scripts" is explicit: it dropped populate-projections.ts and enrich-candida
enrich-candidates.ts and reconcile-candidates.ts, etc.

Maybe I'll include a concern about candidate reconciliation if any data inc
inconsistency arises from dropping that script. But since the commit messag
message says "tighten lib", maybe it's not necessarily problematic.

Alternatively, I could use the quiz tie handling changes for another concer
concern: Check that tests are covering new functionality in QuizEngine.tsx 
and PartyResultCard.tsx. So concern #2 can be split into two: one concernin
concerning UI changes and one concerning test coverage.

I might list:

Concern 1: Data normalization - check candidate YAML files for consistent I
IGV branding and listPosition values. Use grep "listPosition" in data/regio
data/regional-candidates/*.yaml.
Concern 2: Quiz tie-handling implementation consistency with design spec - 
verify that "src/components/PartyResultCard.tsx" implements tie logic as de
described in the design specs (specs file). So check file pattern "src/comp
"src/components/PartyResultCard.tsx" (grep for "tie").
Concern 3: Candidate-display constants update - ensure that candidate pages
pages use new lib values from src/lib/candidate-display.ts. Check file patt
pattern "src/pages/candidates/*" (grep for a known constant string, if any)
any).
Concern 4: Central party-config for chart colours - verify that charts no l
longer contain hardcoded color values and reference centralized config in s
src/lib/party-config.ts. Check file "src/components/PollsChart.tsx".

I can list these four concerns.

However, must note instructions: "If nothing is reliably checkable, output:
output: NONE." But here we have some checkable files.

We need to list exactly up to 4 entries with the format:

CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY

So I'll do something like:

1. Inconsistent candidate data formatting or outliers in IGV branding and l
list positions - file pattern "data/regional-candidates/*.yaml" (grep for '
'listPosition').
2. Potential mismatch between quiz tie-handling design specifications and i
implemented UI logic - check files "src/components/PartyResultCard.tsx" and
and "specs/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handling-design.md".
3. Hardcoded candidate-display constants not updated after lifting to lib -
- verify file pattern "src/pages/candidates/*" for references to old consta
constant values.
4. Potential residual hardcoded chart colours in charts that should now use
use centralized party config - verify "src/components/PollsChart.tsx".

But I need to be careful: the instructions say list up to 4 specific concer
concerns each tied to a checkable file/path/grep pattern. They want lines l
like:

CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY

I can output exactly four lines, one per concern.

Now let me check if any commit subject mentions "alignment between region c
card counts", maybe that is also a candidate loose end: In commit #6d23c5e 
fix aligning region card counts with destination page. But the diff is only
only in src/pages/index.astro and seems to be fixed. So no concern there.

Maybe I can incorporate the news commits, but they are refresh from RSS fee
feeds which is not obviously a concern because it's just data update.

The quiz commit has large changes (844 insertions in design plan) so that m
may indicate potential design documentation issues. But we already included
included that as concern #2 with tie-handling UI logic mismatch.

Alternatively, I can include the candidate reconciliation removed by droppi
dropping one-off scripts (#18cd8f5). But again not sure if checkable.

I worry about the commit "simplify: phase 1 — drop one-off scripts" might h
have left behind orphaned code references in other parts of the system. Tha
That is a potential loose end. I'll list it as an optional concern, but the
then that would make 5 concerns which are not allowed (up to 4 specific con
concerns). We need only up to 4.

Which ones do we want? Possibly choose these four:

I lean towards the following concerns:
- Concern about candidate YAML normalization: Inconsistent values in IGV br
branding and listPosition might still exist. Check data/regional-candidates
data/regional-candidates/*.yaml for 'listPosition'.
- Concern about quiz tie handling UI consistency between design docs and im
implementation: Check src/components/PartyResultCard.tsx, and also specs fi
file.
- Concern about updated candidate-display constants not being referenced pr
properly across candidate pages after lifting to lib: Check "src/pages/cand
"src/pages/candidates/*" for usage of constants (maybe grep for a particula
particular constant name if known; but we might use a generic string such a
as "candidateDisplay" if that's used).
- Concern about charts using centralized party config for colours: Verify t
that src/components/PollsChart.tsx no longer has hardcoded color values and
and uses the new lib/party-config.ts.

I want to check the commit subjects themselves: #2a54127 explicitly mention
mentions "listPosition outliers", so that is a checkable pattern. #8a8ace1 
mentions tie handling, podium, and compact regional cards, so design specs 
and implementation may be checked. #b056cde mentions candidate-display cons
constants moved to lib, so candidate pages might need updating. #3f495f8 me
mentions central party-config for chart colours, so that is checkable.

I think these four are the best.

I want to format each as "CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY".

Let me now produce an answer with exactly 4 lines in text, no markdown form
formatting by default. However instructions say: "do not use markdown forma
formatting unless requested", but the conversation says "by default do not 
reply with Markdown formatting". But it's fine to output plain text.

I'll check instructions: "Do not speculate beyond what commit subjects stat
state." So I must only mention concerns that are explicitly mentioned in co
commit messages. The candidate YAML changes (#2a54127) is explicit, so incl
include that.

The quiz tie-handling changes (#8a8ace1) is explicit, so include that as a 
concern with checkable file pattern: maybe "src/components/PartyResultCard.
"src/components/PartyResultCard.tsx" or "specs/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handling
"specs/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handling-design.md". I can say: "Mismatch betwee
between design spec and implemented UI logic in quiz tie handling".

The candidate-display constants commit (#b056cde) is explicit, so include t
that.

The party-config commit (#3f495f8) is explicit. Include that too.

Which ones did we pick? That gives us 4 concerns:
1. Data normalization of IGV branding and listPosition outliers in YAML fil
files.
2. Quiz tie-handling changes: Check consistency between quiz engine impleme
implementation and design specifications (e.g., PartyResultCard.tsx vs desi
design doc).
3. Candidate-display constants updated to lib: Verify that candidate pages 
now reference the new constants from src/lib/candidate-display.ts.
4. Centralized party-config for chart colours: Verify that polls charts no 
longer use hardcoded colour values but instead reference centralized config
config from src/lib/party-config.ts.

I can produce them in the required format:
"CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY"

Maybe I'll list each on a separate line as text:

Line 1: "Data normalization of candidate YAML files not fully applied (chec
(check for consistent 'listPosition' and IGV branding) | grep 'listPosition
'listPosition' data/regional-candidates/*.yaml"
Line 2: "Quiz tie-handling logic may not match design specifications (verif
(verify implementation in PartyResultCard.tsx aligns with specs/2026-04-28-
specs/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handling-design.md) | src/components/PartyResultC
src/components/PartyResultCard.tsx, specs/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handling-desi
specs/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handling-design.md"
Line 3: "Candidate-display constants might still be used in pages instead o
of the new lib values (verify candidate pages reference updated constants f
from candidate-display.ts) | grep 'candidateDisplay' src/pages/candidates/*
src/pages/candidates/*" but we need a checkable pattern. But commit diff sh
shows only changes to candidate-display.ts and candidate pages, so that's f
fine.
Line 4: "Polls chart may still have hardcoded color values instead of using
using centralized party-config (verify that PollsChart.tsx uses centralized
centralized config from party-config.ts) | grep '0x' src/components/PollsCh
src/components/PollsChart.tsx" but not sure if hex codes are the right patt
pattern. Alternatively, check for references to colors in a file.

Maybe I'll be more generic: "Verify charts no longer contain hardcoded colo
colour literals (should use party-config)". But we need something checkable
checkable like "grep 'color:' src/components/PollsChart.tsx".

I might simply say:
"CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY"

For each, ensure to include the details.

We have four concerns. I'll produce them in plain text lines with a pipe.

Double-check instructions: "If nothing is reliably checkable, output: NONE.
NONE." But we do have reliable checkable file patterns.

I must not output any additional commentary beyond listing 4 bullet items f
following the required format. The question instructs: "List up to 4 specif
specific concerns or loose ends each tied to a checkable file/path/grep pat
pattern."

We need to produce exactly something like:

CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY
... then four lines.

I can list them as:
1. Inconsistent IGV branding and listPosition normalization in candidate YA
YAML files. File: grep "listPosition" on data/regional-candidates/*.yaml.
2. Mismatch between quiz tie-handling design specs and implementation. File
Files: src/components/PartyResultCard.tsx, specs/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handli
specs/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handling-design.md.
3. Candidate pages may still use outdated candidate-display constants rathe
rather than the new lib values. Check file pattern: grep for candidateDispl
candidateDisplay constant in src/pages/candidates/* (or maybe a specific kn
known string if available).
4. Polls charts might have hardcoded color values instead of referencing th
the centralized party-config. Check file: grep for hex colors in src/compon
src/components/PollsChart.tsx or check references to party-config.

I must not speculate, so I'll mention "candidateDisplay" is a placeholder c
constant name that might be referenced. But instructions say "do not specul
speculate beyond commit subjects." The commit message says "lift candidate-
candidate-display constants to lib", so likely the constant names are known
known as "CANDIDATE_DISPLAY". However, we don't know the exact constant nam
names from commit diff, but since it's a loose end, we can assume there mig
might be some references that were not updated. But instructions say do not
not speculate beyond what commit subjects state. The subject doesn't give a
an explicit constant name to check. So maybe I'll just refer generically: "
"Candidate pages should now use constants from src/lib/candidate-display.ts
src/lib/candidate-display.ts" and then mention file pattern "src/pages/cand
"src/pages/candidates/*".

I worry that might be too vague. Perhaps I can say:
Concern 3: Verify that all candidate display values in candidate pages are 
now sourced from the new library rather than any legacy inline values. Chec
Check file pattern: grep "candidateDisplayConstantName" src/pages/candidate
src/pages/candidates/*. But then constant name is not given.

Alternatively, maybe I should choose a different one:

Maybe it's better to pick these 4 concerns with concrete checkable patterns
patterns:
1. Data normalization of candidate YAML files (commit #2a54127).
2. Quiz tie handling changes: Check that new quiz logic in "src/lib/quiz-he
"src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts" is covered by tests in "tests/quiz-helpers.test.t
"tests/quiz-helpers.test.ts".
3. Candidate-display constants updated to lib (commit #b056cde): Check file
file pattern "src/pages/candidates/*" for outdated references.
4. Central party-config for chart colours (commit #3f495f8): Check that "sr
"src/components/PollsChart.tsx" uses centralized config from src/lib/party-
src/lib/party-config.ts.

This set is more checkable than the one with grep for a placeholder constan
constant name.

I can produce them in exactly four lines, each line: "CONCERN | FILE_OR_PAT
FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY".

Thus answer:

1. Data normalization inconsistency: In some candidate YAML files (data/reg
(data/regional-candidates/*.yaml) there might be outliers not normalized pr
properly (check for 'listPosition' anomalies).
2. Quiz tie handling: The quiz UI components in src/components/PartyResultC
src/components/PartyResultCard.tsx and related code may not fully reflect t
the updated design spec from specs/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handling-design.md.
3. Candidate-display constants update: Some candidate pages (src/pages/cand
(src/pages/candidates/*) might still reference old constant values instead 
of those now provided by src/lib/candidate-display.ts.
4. Centralized party-config for chart colours: Polls charts in src/componen
src/components/PollsChart.tsx may still contain hardcoded colour values rat
rather than using the new centralized config from src/lib/party-config.ts.

I'll produce my answer in plain text lines, each with a pipe separation lin
line "CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY". I need to be careful that instr
instructions say "Do not speculate beyond what commit subjects state." So I
I must rely only on the commit messages. All four concerns above are direct
directly tied to the commit messages #2a54127, #8a8ace1, #b056cde, and #3f4
#3f495f8 respectively.

I think this is acceptable. I'll produce exactly 4 lines.

Let me re-read commit logs:

- Commit #463068c: docs update (roadmap) doesn't provide checkable file cha
changes aside from docs/ROADMAP.md. But it's not a loose end likely.
- Commit #6d23c5e fix: align region card counts with destination page (#71)
(#71). This commit changed src/pages/index.astro, but since it is a fix, th
there might be no concern.
- Commit #2a54127 data normalization - that's one.
- Commit #8a8ace1 quiz tie handling changes - that's two.
- News refresh commits: not concerning.
- Commit #b056cde simplify phase 3: candidate-display constants moved to li
lib (#68) -> That is three.
- Commit #3f495f8 central party-config for chart colours (#67) -> That is f
four.

I will list exactly these four concerns. I'll produce them as required line
lines:

CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY
"IGV branding normalization incomplete in candidate YAML files | grep 'list
'listPosition' data/regional-candidates/*.yaml"
"Quiz tie-handling design spec not fully reflected in UI components | grep 
'tie' src/components/PartyResultCard.tsx && specs/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handl
specs/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handling-design.md"
"Candidate pages still referencing legacy candidate-display constants inste
instead of lib values | grep 'candidateDisplay' src/pages/candidates/*" (I 
must be careful to not invent "candidateDisplay" constant if it's not in co
commit message, but I'll assume that is checkable)
"Polls charts using hardcoded colours rather than centralized party-config 
| grep -R 'color:' src/components/PollsChart.tsx" maybe.

But instructions say no speculation. But "grep 'candidateDisplay'" might be
be too specific; maybe I can just mention candidate pages should now use up
updated constants and verify that the new values in lib are referenced, but
but without using a constant name, it's not checkable.

Alternatively, I'll simply list: "Candidate-display constants update verifi
verification | src/pages/candidates/*" (without grep pattern)

And for chart colours: "Central party-config usage in charts verification |
| src/components/PollsChart.tsx".

I can produce these as lines:

CONCERN 1:
"Data normalization issue with candidate YAML files may still contain incon
inconsistent IGV branding or listPosition values. Verify consistency using 
a grep of 'listPosition' on all candidate YAML files."
File: "data/regional-candidates/*.yaml"

CONCERN 2:
"Quiz tie-handling changes might not fully match the design spec; check tha
that UI components (e.g., PartyResultCard.tsx) implement tie handling as de
described in the design docs."
File: "src/components/PartyResultCard.tsx, specs/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handli
specs/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handling-design.md"

CONCERN 3:
"Candidate pages might still be using outdated candidate-display constants 
instead of referencing the new ones from lib. Confirm that candidate pages 
source display values from src/lib/candidate-display.ts."
File: "src/pages/candidates/*" (grep for candidate constant usage)

CONCERN 4:
"Polls charts may still contain hardcoded color values rather than referenc
referencing centralized party-config; verify that PollsChart uses the confi
config from src/lib/party-config.ts."
File: "src/components/PollsChart.tsx"

I'll produce my answer as plain text lines with a vertical bar between conc
concern and file.

I must list exactly 4 concerns in bullet lines. I think that's acceptable.

Let me now produce final answer.</think>1. Inconsistent candidate data norm
normalization – some regional-candidate YAML files may still have unnormali
unnormalized IGV branding or outlier list positions.  
 FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY: grep "listPosition" on data/regional-candidates
data/regional-candidates/*.yaml

2. Quiz tie‐handling logic may not fully reflect the design specs – UI comp
components (e.g. PartyResultCard.tsx) should be cross-checked against the u
updated design document.  
 FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY: src/components/PartyResultCard.tsx and specs/20
specs/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handling-design.md

3. Candidate pages might still reference legacy candidate-display constants
constants instead of the new values now provided by the library.  
 FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY: grep for constant identifiers in src/pages/cand
src/pages/candidates/*

4. Polls charts could still contain hardcoded colour values rather than usi
using the centralized party-config.  
 FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY: grep "color:" (or similar literal patterns) in 
src/components/PollsChart.tsx

===== T1-doc-drift rep 2 =====
DURATION_SEC: 132
RUN_STATUS: 0
OUTPUT:
                <think>We are Phi. The user gives some roadmap claims from a Scottish elect
election website's docs/ROADMAP.md (post-election cleanup section) and then
then lists 4 claims: Claim A, B, C, D. And then provides "EVIDENCE FROM THE
THE CODEBASE:" which includes the listing of scripts directory with files s
such as apply-party-positions.ts, fix-incumbents-regional.ts, etc. Then it 
shows yaml.stringify usage in apply-party-positions.ts and sync-regional-ca
sync-regional-candidates.ts. It also gives evidence that "grep for defaultP
defaultProjection or DEFAULT_PROJECTION across scripts/ and src/" returns (
(no matches) which implies nothing was found with code referencing this pro
property.

Then the evidence says: "src/lib/data.ts cache pattern: Six cached loaders 
all use the same shallow Object.freeze on the returned value. No deep-freez
deep-freeze applied anywhere. Pattern is consistent." And then it says: "Th
"There is no 'How we did' retrospective page or related code anywhere in th
the repo."

Then instructions: "You are auditing a roadmap against codebase evidence. T
The fixture lists 4 claims (A/B/C/D) and the actual file evidence. For each
each claim output one line in this exact format: CLAIM_X: <already-done|sti
<already-done|still-open> — <one-line evidence reference>. No preamble, no 
commentary, no chain of thought, just four lines."

We need to produce exactly four lines with that pattern.

So we must produce exactly 4 lines in the requested format. For each claim 
(A, B, C, D) assign a label "CLAIM_X: already-done|still-open" depending on
on code evidence.

Let's check claims:

Claim A: "Publish a 'How we did' projection retrospective page comparing ea
each constituency's projected top-3 shares against the actual result." Evid
Evidence from codebase: There is no "How we did" retrospective page or rela
related code anywhere in repo. So claim A remains open, because not impleme
implemented? Or maybe it has been done? But evidence says "There is no 'How
'How we did' retrospective page or related code anywhere in the repo" so li
likely it's still open (not implemented). Let’s analyze: Claim A claims to 
publish a retrospective page comparing projected top-3 shares vs actual res
result. Codebase evidence does not have any reference to that, meaning the 
feature hasn't been implemented. Therefore claim A is "still-open". One lin
line evidence reference can be something like "No code in repo implements r
retrospective page." But we need one-line evidence reference referencing a 
file location? The evidence says: "There is no 'How we did' retrospective p
page or related code anywhere in the repo."

Maybe I'll output:
CLAIM_A: still-open — No retrospective page implemented in repo.
But instructions say must be exactly "CLAIM_X:" then <already-done|still-op
<already-done|still-open> followed by dash and one line reference, so maybe
maybe I produce exactly: 
"CLAIM_A: still-open — no retrospective page code found in repository."
Or we can say something like that.

Now Claim B: "Retire the dead projection default. scripts/populate-projecti
scripts/populate-projections.ts still carries a defaultProjection template 
but every constituency has an explicit override." Evidence: grep for defaul
defaultProjection or DEFAULT_PROJECTION across scripts/ and src/ returns no
no matches, meaning there's no instance of this property in codebase now. H
However claim B references "populate-projections.ts" which is a script that
that apparently exists with the dead projection default maybe? But then evi
evidence says grep for "defaultProjection" yields no matches anywhere in re
repository so it may have been removed? Wait, check carefully: The roadmap 
claim says "Retire the dead projection default." And evidence from codebase
codebase "grep for defaultProjection or DEFAULT_PROJECTION across scripts/ 
and src/:" returns (no matches). That means that we don't see any such temp
template. But if we do find it in some file? Let’s re-read the text: It say
says: "Claim B: Retire the dead projection default. scripts/populate-projec
scripts/populate-projections.ts still carries a defaultProjection template 
but every constituency has an explicit override." And then evidence: grep f
for "defaultProjection" or "DEFAULT_PROJECTION" across scripts/ and src/ re
returns (no matches). That means that we don't find any reference to defaul
defaultProjection in repository, so it's already removed? But the claim ind
indicates that the default projection is dead because every constituency ha
has an override. Wait, what does the claim say exactly: "Retire the dead pr
projection default" i.e. the code still carries a default projection templa
template but every constituency overrides it. So the roadmap task would be 
to remove it.

The evidence says: grep for "defaultProjection" or "DEFAULT_PROJECTION" ret
returns no matches. That means that the property is not in the repository (
(maybe already removed). But then maybe claim B is already done because the
there's no reference in codebase? It might be interpreted as "retired", mea
meaning the default projection template has been retired (i.e., removed fro
from code). The text says "scripts/populate-projections.ts still carries a 
defaultProjection template" but then it says "but every constituency has an
an explicit override." And then the code search didn't find any match for d
defaultProjection. That means that maybe in previous iteration, there was s
such property, but now it is gone because every constituency has an overrid
override. So claim B might be already done (the codebase does not show a de
default projection anymore).

But wait: The evidence "grep" for the string "defaultProjection" or "DEFAUL
"DEFAULT_PROJECTION" across scripts/ and src/ returns no matches. However t
the roadmap claim itself might be referencing that it was once there but no
now every constituency has an override. But then if it's dead, it should ha
have been removed. So the expected action is to remove the dead projection 
default. But because the grep doesn't yield any match for "defaultProjectio
"defaultProjection" or "DEFAULT_PROJECTION", that means that code cleanup a
already happened? I'm not 100% sure. Let me re-read: The roadmap claim says
says "Retire the dead projection default." then evidence "scripts/populate-
"scripts/populate-projections.ts still carries a defaultProjection template
template but every constituency has an explicit override." That is contradi
contradictory because if it's still in populate-projections.ts, then grep f
for defaultProjection should yield something. But then later the evidence f
from codebase states "grep ... returns (no matches)". Hmm, we need to re-re
re-read entire text carefully.

We have:

ROADMAP CLAIMS:
Claim A: Publish a retrospective page.
Claim B: Retire the dead projection default. scripts/populate-projections.t
scripts/populate-projections.ts still carries a defaultProjection template 
but every constituency has an explicit override.
Claim C: yaml.stringify({ lineWidth: 0 }) in apply-party-positions.ts to ma
match populate-projections.ts and stop YAML line-rewrap churn on manifesto 
updates.
Claim D: Deep-freeze the data caches (or don't — current shallow freeze mat
matches the existing pattern across all six cached loaders in src/lib/data.
src/lib/data.ts).

Then evidence:
scripts directory listing: files including apply-party-positions.ts, etc.

yaml.stringify usage across scripts/:
- In apply-party-positions.ts line 60 we have fs.writeFileSync(filePath, ya
yaml.stringify(data, { lineWidth: 0 }));
- In sync-regional-candidates.ts:112: const content = yaml.stringify(data, 
{ lineWidth: 0 });

grep for defaultProjection or DEFAULT_PROJECTION across scripts and src ret
returns (no matches). So the repository does not contain any such reference
references. So that implies that claim B might be "done" because there is n
no code that contains defaultProjection template.

Wait, but then what about "scripts/populate-projections.ts still carries a 
defaultProjection template"? The roadmap claim text "Claim B: Retire the de
dead projection default. scripts/populate-projections.ts still carries a de
defaultProjection template ..." But then evidence says grep returns (no mat
matches). That means that maybe the file content of populate-projections.ts
populate-projections.ts no longer contains that string, so it's been remove
removed? Or if they are not found by grep because the pattern is different?
different?

The evidence from codebase: There is a "scripts/populate-projections.ts" fi
file in the directory listing. The roadmap claim says there's defaultProjec
defaultProjection template in that file, but then evidence "grep for defaul
defaultProjection or DEFAULT_PROJECTION returns (no matches)". So maybe it 
has been removed.

Therefore, since we see no match of defaultProjection in the codebase, that
that means the work to remove the dead projection default is already done. 
But also note the wording: "retire the dead projection default" but then ev
evidence says that every constituency now has an explicit override and ther
there is no mention of a default projection template left in the code. So C
Claim B is already implemented.

So I'll mark claim B as "already-done". And for evidence reference, I can u
use something like "grep (no matches) across repo for 'defaultProjection'".
'defaultProjection'".

Now Claim C: "yaml.stringify({ lineWidth: 0 }) in apply-party-positions.ts 
to match populate-projections.ts and stop YAML line-rewrap churn on manifes
manifesto updates." Evidence: In apply-party-positions.ts, at line 60 we se
see usage of yaml.stringify(data, { lineWidth: 0 }). Also in sync-regional-
sync-regional-candidates.ts similar usage. So that seems to be already done
done because it is used consistently with the same configuration? But wait,
wait, claim C specifically says "to match populate-projections.ts". And the
then evidence: In apply-party-positions.ts we see a YAML stringify call wit
with lineWidth: 0; but what about in populate-projections.ts? There's no me
mention of yaml.stringify in that file maybe? Wait, check the roadmap claim
claim: "yaml.stringify({ lineWidth: 0 }) in apply-party-positions.ts to mat
match populate-projections.ts" but then evidence shows apply-party-position
apply-party-positions.ts has line 60 using fs.writeFileSync(filePath, yaml.
yaml.stringify(data, { lineWidth: 0 })); And also sync-regional-candidates.
sync-regional-candidates.ts. But what about populate-projections.ts? Possib
Possibly it should be updated with similar parameter? The claim says "stop 
YAML line-rewrap churn on manifesto updates." Evidence doesn't show the usa
usage in populate-projections.ts maybe because grep for defaultProjection r
returned no matches? Let's re-read:

Claim C: "yaml.stringify({ lineWidth: 0 }) in apply-party-positions.ts to m
match populate-projections.ts and stop YAML line-rewrap churn on manifesto 
updates." But our evidence in the code listing only shows usage in apply-pa
apply-party-positions.ts (line 60) and sync-regional-candidates.ts. There i
is no mention of using yaml.stringify in populate-projections.ts? Wait, but
but then maybe there's a discrepancy: Actually the roadmap claim says "in a
apply-party-positions.ts" not "populate-projections.ts". But then it says "
"to match populate-projections.ts", meaning that populate-projections.ts sh
should have had the same configuration? But we see no evidence of that in g
grep because when searching for defaultProjection, there's no matches. Perh
Perhaps what they intended to do was update a file called populate-projecti
populate-projections.ts with yaml.stringify({ lineWidth: 0 }) as well, but 
code search doesn't show that because maybe it's not present?

Let's re-read the roadmap claims carefully:
- Claim C is "yaml.stringify({ lineWidth: 0 }) in apply-party-positions.ts 
to match populate-projections.ts and stop YAML line-rewrap churn on manifes
manifesto updates." The evidence shows that in apply-party-positions.ts, at
at line 60 there is usage of yaml.stringify with { lineWidth: 0 }.
However, maybe the claim is already satisfied if that file has been updated
updated accordingly. But wait "to match populate-projections.ts" - does it 
appear that populate-projections.ts uses a different configuration? I need 
to check evidence: There's mention "grep for defaultProjection or DEFAULT_P
DEFAULT_PROJECTION across scripts/ and src:" and that returns no matches, s
so maybe populate-projections.ts did not have yaml.stringify call. But clai
claim C explicitly instructs to add { lineWidth: 0 } parameter in apply-par
apply-party-positions.ts if it hasn't been done already.

We see evidence from the code snippet "scripts/apply-party-positions.ts:60:
"scripts/apply-party-positions.ts:60: fs.writeFileSync(filePath, yaml.strin
yaml.stringify(data, { lineWidth: 0 }))". That means that indeed the file h
has been updated with a lineWidth of 0. So claim C appears to be implemente
implemented in apply-party-positions.ts. But what about the part "and stop 
YAML line-rewrap churn on manifesto updates"? It is achieved by this config
configuration? The evidence doesn't show any difference in the outputs exce
except that it's using {lineWidth: 0}. So likely Claim C is already done be
because we see usage with lineWidth: 0.

I need to check consistency: There are two scripts that call yaml.stringify
yaml.stringify. In apply-party-positions.ts, line 60, and sync-regional-can
sync-regional-candidates.ts, line 112. But the roadmap claim specifically m
mentions "apply-party-positions.ts" so we can refer to that file's evidence
evidence reference as evidence of implementation.

Therefore Claim C is already done, with evidence from apply-party-positions
apply-party-positions.ts line 60 usage.

Now Claim D: "Deep-freeze the data caches (or don't — current shallow freez
freeze matches the existing pattern across all six cached loaders in src/li
src/lib/data.ts)." Evidence says: "src/lib/data.ts cache pattern: Six cache
cached loaders all use the same shallow Object.freeze on the returned value
value. No deep-freeze applied anywhere. Pattern is consistent." The roadmap
roadmap claim gives an option: Either do a deep-freeze or not, because shal
shallow freeze already matches the existing pattern across all six cached l
loaders in src/lib/data.ts. So the question is if we need to implement a de
deep freeze? But since the codebase evidence shows that all caches use shal
shallow freeze and it's consistent, maybe claim D is considered "already do
done" if no further change is needed.

But let's interpret: The roadmap says "Deep-freeze the data caches (or don'
don't — current shallow freeze matches the existing pattern across all six 
cached loaders in src/lib/data.ts)". That implies that there was a suggesti
suggestion to either implement deep freeze or leave as is because shallow f
freeze already works. But since evidence shows shallow freeze is consistent
consistently used, we can assume the claim has been addressed by leaving it
it as is (i.e., no change required) and therefore is "already done" if the 
decision is not to do deep-freeze.

However, the roadmap might be considered "still open"? Because if you look 
at the text "or don't — current shallow freeze matches the existing pattern
pattern", that suggests it's an option. But I believe the intended answer f
for Claim D should be "already-done" because codebase evidence is consisten
consistent and no action was taken.

Let me re-read the roadmap claims:
- The claim wording: "Deep-freeze the data caches (or don't — current shall
shallow freeze matches the existing pattern across all six cached loaders i
in src/lib/data.ts)". That means that if we want to do a deep freeze, then 
it might break compatibility with previous behavior. But evidence says they
they are using shallow freeze consistently. So likely no action is required
required and therefore claim D is considered closed ("already done").

But let me check the instructions: "For each claim output one line in this 
exact format: CLAIM_X: <already-done|still-open> — <one-line evidence refer
reference>." So we produce four lines exactly, no chain-of-thought.

Now, I need to produce lines for each claim with the proper evaluation and 
reference. Let's re-read each claim with our conclusions:

Claim A: "Publish a 'How we did' projection retrospective page ..." Evidenc
Evidence says: "There is no 'How we did' retrospective page or related code
code anywhere in the repo." So that means it is not implemented yet, so sta
status is still open.

Thus: CLAIM_A: still-open — No retrospective page implementation found.

Claim B: "Retire the dead projection default. scripts/populate-projections.
scripts/populate-projections.ts still carries a defaultProjection template 
but every constituency has an explicit override." Evidence says: grep for d
defaultProjection returns no matches across repository. That means that the
there's no default projection in code, so claim B is done already (i.e., it
it's been retired because it doesn't exist anymore). But wait, the roadmap 
claim suggests that populate-projections.ts still contains a defaultProject
defaultProjection template but every constituency has an override. However,
However, evidence says grep returns no matches for defaultProjection. That 
implies that either the file was removed or maybe the string "defaultProjec
"defaultProjection" is not present in any files (so the dead projection def
default is gone). Therefore it's already done.

Thus: CLAIM_B: already-done — No occurrence of 'defaultProjection' found in
in codebase.

Claim C: "yaml.stringify({ lineWidth: 0 }) in apply-party-positions.ts ..."
..." Evidence: In scripts/apply-party-positions.ts line 60, we see usage wi
with {lineWidth: 0}. Therefore claim C is done.
Thus: CLAIM_C: already-done — apply-party-positions.ts uses yaml.stringify 
with lineWidth: 0.

Claim D: "Deep-freeze the data caches (or don't — current shallow freeze ma
matches the existing pattern across all six cached loaders in src/lib/data.
src/lib/data.ts)." Evidence: In src/lib/data.ts, all six cached loaders use
use a consistent shallow freeze. Therefore claim D is done.
Thus: CLAIM_D: already-done — All cached loaders apply shallow Object.freez
Object.freeze consistently.

I must output exactly four lines with no chain-of-thought explanation.

So final answer (with exact format) would be:

CLAIM_A: still-open — No retrospective page code found in repository.
CLAIM_B: already-done — grep for defaultProjection yielded no matches.
CLAIM_C: already-done — apply-party-positions.ts uses yaml.stringify with l
lineWidth: 0.
CLAIM_D: already-done — src/lib/data.ts uses consistent shallow Object.free
Object.freeze.

I must produce exactly four lines. I'll produce them line-by-line, each on 
its own line with the exact format as given by instructions:
"CLAIM_X: <already-done|still-open> — <one-line evidence reference>" 
I can use a one-line summary like "No retrospective page implemented." etc.
etc.
Let's be careful to match the instructions exactly. They said: "For eac
each claim output one line in this exact format: CLAIM_X: <already-done|sti
<already-done|still-open> — <one-line evidence reference>." So I'll produce
produce:

Claim A:
CLAIM_A: still-open — No retrospective page implementation found.

I must check punctuation if needed? The example: "no preamble, no commentar
commentary, just four lines."

Thus output exactly four lines.

Let's now produce final answer in plain text with newlines. We'll produce:

"CLAIM_A: still-open — Retrospective page not implemented."
"CLAIM_B: already-done — No defaultProjection found via grep."
"CLAIM_C: already-done — yaml.stringify called with {lineWidth:0} in apply-
apply-party-positions.ts."
"CLAIM_D: already-done — src/lib/data.ts uses shallow Object.freeze consist
consistently."

I'll produce exactly these lines as answer. I must check the formatting req
requirement: "one line in this exact format: CLAIM_X: <already-done|still-o
<already-done|still-open> — <one-line evidence reference>." So my lines sho
should look like:

CLAIM_A: still-open — Evidence: No retrospective page code exists.
Maybe I'll use a simple sentence.

I can produce these four lines exactly:

Claim A: 
"CLAIM_A: still-open — No retrospective page implementation found."

Claim B:
"CLAIM_B: already-done — grep for 'defaultProjection' returns no matches."

Claim C:
"CLAIM_C: already-done — apply-party-positions.ts uses yaml.stringify with 
{lineWidth: 0}."

Claim D:
"CLAIM_D: already-done — src/lib/data.ts consistently applies shallow Objec
Object.freeze."

I'll produce these lines exactly as required.

I'll now produce final answer.</think>CLAIM_A: still-open — No retrospectiv
retrospective page implementation found.
CLAIM_B: already-done — grep for "defaultProjection" yielded no matches.
CLAIM_C: already-done — apply-party-positions.ts calls yaml.stringify with 
{lineWidth: 0}.
CLAIM_D: already-done — src/lib/data.ts uses consistent shallow Object.free
Object.freeze.

===== T2-party-config rep 2 =====
DURATION_SEC: 250
RUN_STATUS: 0
OUTPUT:
                                                                                                                             <think>We are given six YAML configurations for different political parties
parties, presumably in "data/parties" folder. The instruction says: "Expect
"Expected shape: top-level keys id, name, positions, stances, quotes; posit
positions has 8 numeric keys (independence, nhs, housing, climate, tax, eco
economy, education, equality) each 0-2; stances and quotes each have the sa
same 8 keys with text values. Output exactly one of: CLEAN OR INCONSISTENT 
followed by one bullet per actual deviation."

I need to check if these YAML files conform to expected shape or not.

Let's verify each file content:

File: data/parties/reform-uk.yaml
---
id: reform-uk
name: Reform UK
positions:
  independence: 0
  nhs: 1
  housing: 0
  climate: 0
  tax: 0
  economy: 0
  education: 0
  equality: 0
stances:
  independence: Oppose independence. Strong unionist position rejecting ano
another referendum as a distraction from Scotland's day-to-day problems.
  nhs: NHS Scotland stays free at the point of need and funded by general t
taxation, but needs major reform. A workforce plan to train more doctors an
and nurses and a shift to prevention.
  housing: Repeal SNP tenancy regulations and introduce a Rent-To-Buy model
model for young people, first-time buyers and working families. Restore a l
local connection requirement for social housing.
  climate: Scrap all SNP Net Zero related targets, subsidies and quangos. E
End the ban on new nuclear in Scotland and rehabilitate North Sea gas as th
the primary energy system.
  tax: Cut income tax. Scrap Scotland's six income tax bands, mirror the rU
rUK three bands at 1p below each, and aim for a 3p variation below rUK with
within the first five years.
  economy: Cut £7.5bn of spending — £1bn from ideological Net Zero projects
projects and £6.5bn from 132 quangos — to fund a new deal for Scotland that
that rewards work and aspiration.
  education: Direct school-leavers into trades via technical colleges rathe
rather than universities. Ban mobile phones in classrooms and give headteac
headteachers discretion over budgets and recruitment.
  equality: Socially conservative. Criticises existing gender policies as "
"woke" and argues the SNP has not protected women and girls in Scotland.
quotes:
  independence: "Which is why Reform UK says ENOUGH to the distraction of a
another referendum."
  nhs: "Under Reform UK, the NHS in Scotland will remain free at the point 
of need and will be fully funded by general taxation."
  housing: "Reform UK will repeal the SNP's regulations for all new tenanci
tenancies, while keeping the terms of existing tenancies unchanged, making 
homes both plentiful and more affordable for the Scots who need them most."
most."
  climate: "Scrap all SNP Net Zero related targets, subsidies and qua
quangos."
  tax: "First, Reform will immediately scrap Scotland's six income tax band
bands and mirror rUK's three bands which will be set at 1p below each rUK b
band."
  economy: "Which can be easily afforded by re-allocation of the £1bn curre
currently spent on ideological Net Zero projects and the bloated £6.5bn spe
spent on 132 unaccountable quangos."
  education: "Rather than sending half of school-leavers to universities, i
instead we will direct them into trades via technical colleges with multi-y
multi-year funding thereby building meaningful career pathways that will be
be relatively AI-proof."
  equality: "The SNP have not protected local communities and women and gir
girls in Scotland in preference to pursuing woke policies on immigration an
and gender."

Observations: The positions values are numbers? They are: independence=0, n
nhs=1, housing=0, climate=0, tax=0, economy=0, education=0, equality=0. The
They are all numeric and range from 0-2. stances keys: independence, nhs, h
housing, climate, tax, economy, education, equality. The quotes keys: same 
eight keys with text values.

Check the quotes for any possible deviation? They have double quotes around
around them. Are they expected to be string type? Yes, it's just text value
values.
I check consistency: It has exactly 8 numeric keys in positions, stances, q
quotes.
Everything is valid. So file "reform-uk" seems consistent with required sha
shape.

Next: data/parties/scottish-conservatives.yaml:
---
id: scottish-conservatives
name: Scottish Conservative and Unionist Party
positions:
  independence: 0
  nhs: 1
  housing: 0
  climate: 0
  tax: 0
  economy: 0
  education: 1
  equality: 0
stances:
  independence: Strong opposition to independence. Stand up for Scotland's 
place in the Union and stop another independence referendum.
  nhs: Focus on faster GP appointments and reducing waiting lists by increa
increasing NHS capacity for procedures. Efficiency-led NHS reform rather th
than new spending commitments.
  housing: Market-led housing policy. Scrap SNP rent controls, stop costly 
housebuilding regulations, and abolish tax on buying a primary home (Land a
and Buildings Transaction Tax reform).
  climate: Scrap the SNP's 2045 net zero target and drop policies that impo
impose costs on households to meet it. Back the oil and gas industry and sc
scrap carbon pricing schemes.
  tax: Cut income tax — raise the point at which you start paying in line w
with inflation, uprate the Higher Rate threshold, and lower income tax to 1
19p in the £1 for low- and middle-income households.
  economy: Make economic growth the number one policy objective. Cut regula
regulation, introduce Scottish Business Zones, and oppose tax rises and new
new taxes.
  education: Raise school standards. Empower headteachers and reduce bureau
bureaucracy to lift Scotland back up international rankings.
  equality: Socially conservative. Guarantee every woman has access to sing
single-sex wards, affirm biological sex under the Equality Act, and oppose 
the Non-Binary Equality Action Plan.
quotes:
  independence: "In 2014, two million Scots voted to stay in the United Kin
Kingdom. It was a divisive time for our country, but the result of the inde
independence referendum was clear."
  nhs: "Reduce NHS waiting lists by increasing the NHS's capacity for carry
carrying out procedures."
  housing: "Scrap SNP rent controls as they result in reduced house-buildin
house-building and increased rents."
  climate: "Abolish the SNP's unaffordable target for reaching net zero by 
2045."
  tax: "Firstly, we will raise the point at which you start paying income t
tax in Scotland in line with inflation."
  economy: "Make economic growth the number one policy objective across all
all areas of the Scottish Government."
  education: "Raising school standards."
  equality: "Following the Supreme Court's ruling that sex means biological
biological sex under the Equality Act, we would guarantee that every woman 
has access to single-sex wards."

Observations: positions are numeric values and range from 0 to? They have i
independence=0, nhs=1, housing=0, climate=0, tax=0, economy=0, education=1,
education=1, equality=0. stances keys match expected ones, quotes similarly
similarly.

Check consistency with expected shape. Looks correct.

Next: data/parties/scottish-green-party.yaml:
---
id: scottish-green-party
name: Scottish Green Party
positions:
  independence: 2
  nhs: 2
  housing: 2
  climate: 2
  tax: 2
  economy: 2
  education: 2
  equality: 2
stances:
  independence: Support independence and full powers of a sovereign nation,
nation, while pressing ahead with change using devolved powers now.
  nhs: Introduce a £15 per hour minimum wage for social care, a network of 
free walk-in mental health support hubs, and invest in the NHS workforce.
  housing: Permanent rent controls, a higher tax rate on landlords' rental 
income, and stronger renters' rights to tackle the housing emergency.
  climate: Get Scotland back on track to deliver net zero by 2045 with a co
coordinated climate action delivery programme across transport, energy, far
farming and buildings.
  tax: Tax wealth rather than work. More progressive income tax, higher tax
taxes on second and empty homes, and new taxes on private jets and mansions
mansions.
  economy: Jobs in a green economy — clean industries, care, childcare and 
community wealth. Move away from expensive and volatile oil and gas.
  education: Universal free childcare guarantee from 6 months until childre
children start school, with significant investment in the childcare workfor
workforce.
  equality: Strong LGBT+ rights advocacy. Revisit NHS policy changes made a
as a result of the Cass Review and publish a gender-affirming care action p
plan to bring down waiting times.
quotes:
  independence: "To realise our country's full potential, we must have the 
full powers of a normal, sovereign nation. But we can't wait until independ
independence to start making a difference."
  nhs: "Introduce a £15 per hour minimum wage for social care, and ensure t
this increases annually with inflation at minimum."
  housing: "An emergency rent freeze and eviction ban during the peak of th
the cost of living crisis, and a new system of permanent rent controls."
  climate: "Get Scotland back on track to deliver net zero by 2045, launchi
launching a coordinated climate action delivery programme to drive down emi
emissions from transport, energy, farming and buildings."
  tax: "Taxed the rich to pay for public services through a more progressiv
progressive income tax system, higher taxes on second and empty homes, and 
securing new taxes on private jets and mansions."
  economy: "Investing in our future means creating more jobs in clean, gree
green industries like renewable energy, whilst weaning our economy off of e
expensive and volatile oil and gas."
  education: "A universal free childcare guarantee, where all children in S
Scotland have access to funded childcare hours from 6 months until they sta
start school."
  equality: "Revisit all NHS policy changes made as a result of the Cass Re
Review to ensure they are aligned with international evidence-based best pr
practice."

Observations: positions all equal to 2 (which is allowed because range is 0
0-2). stances and quotes keys present. Looks correct.

Next file: data/parties/scottish-labour.yaml:
---
id: scottish-labour
name: Scottish Labour Party
positions:
  independence: 0
  nhs: 2
  housing: 1
  climate: 1
  tax: 1
  economy: 1
  education: 1
  equality: 1
stances:
  independence: Oppose independence. Focus on delivery within the UK and Sc
Scotland's strengths in the UK growth sectors. Frame the election as a choi
choice between delivery and SNP-led constitutional distraction.
  nhs: End the 8am GP rush, bring back the family doctor, cut waiting times
times with funding following the patient, introduce an NHS app and AI scann
scanners, and deliver £15/hr for social care workers.
  housing: Deliver 125,000 new homes by 2031 across all tenures. Build 20,0
20,000 mid-market rent homes to save tenants an average of £2,700 a year of
off market rents. Establish a Housing Bank and a private-rented-sector stra
strategy (no new rent controls).
  climate: Achieve net zero by 2045 ambitions. Double home retrofits, back 
GB Energy and the Scottish National Investment Bank, end the block on clean
clean nuclear energy, and deliver a fair energy transition for oil and gas 
workers.
  tax: Commit to no income tax rate rises for five years, with the ambition
ambition to lower taxes as the economy grows.
  economy: Sustained economic growth as the route to improving living stand
standards. Establish a Scottish Board of Trade, partner with GB Energy and 
the UK National Wealth Fund, and cut a third of quangos to end government w
waste.
  education: Breakfast clubs in every primary school, 2,000 Education Recov
Recovery teachers and 1,500 more classroom assistants, ban mobile phones in
in classrooms, and top up tax-free childcare to £3,000 per child.
  equality: Recommit the NHS to single-sex wards on the basis of biological
biological sex. Deliver a four-nation conversion practices ban to protect L
LGBT+ people. Tackle long waits for gynaecological procedures as part of a 
women's health plan.
quotes:
  independence: "A Scottish Labour government will be relentless in the ser
service of the hard-working majority. It will focus on delivery, not distra
distraction. It will put country before party and the interests of the peop
people of Scotland first."
  nhs: "End the 8am rush for a GP appointment. Bring back the family doctor
doctor. New technology in our NHS with an NHS app and AI scanners."
  housing: "Delivering 125,000 new homes by the end of the Parliament in 20
2031, across all tenures."
  climate: "Scottish Labour will take the action needed to achieve our net 
zero by 2045 ambitions and protect Scotland's natural environment for futur
future generations."
  tax: "Committing to no income tax rate rises for five years, with the amb
ambition to lower taxes as we get the economy growing."
  economy: "Sustained economic growth is the key route to improving living 
standards, reducing poverty and the bringing prosperity to all parts of our
our country."
  education: "Breakfast clubs in every school. Ban mobile phones in classro
classrooms. 2,000 Education Recovery teachers and 1,500 more classroom assi
assistants."
  equality: "Recommit the NHS to delivering single sex wards on the basis o
of biological sex, and ensuring patients can request same sex provision whe
wherever possible."

Observations: positions keys are all present. They are numeric values (inde
(independence=0, nhs=2, housing=1, climate=1, tax=1, economy=1, education=1
education=1, equality=1). stances keys match expected ones and quotes keys 
match expected ones.

Next file: data/parties/scottish-liberal-democrats.yaml:
---
id: scottish-liberal-democrats
name: Scottish Liberal Democrats
positions:
  independence: 0
  nhs: 2
  housing: 1
  climate: 1
  tax: 1
  economy: 1
  education: 1
  equality: 2
stances:
  independence: Oppose independence. Back a written constitution for a fede
federal United Kingdom and a new bespoke UK-EU customs union.
  nhs: A 10-year NHS and care workforce plan, new neighbourhood health team
teams giving every GP practice the equivalent of an extra clinical staff me
member, walk-in mental health services and a Fair Deal for Rural Healthcare
Healthcare.
  housing: Return housebuilding to 25,000 new homes annually, create key wo
worker housing, and replace the SNP's housing strategy with a new holistic 
data-driven approach.
  climate: Support net zero by 2045 with a programme for net zero new towns
towns featuring rail links, district heating and 20-minute neighbourhoods.
  tax: Where funds allow, lift tax thresholds in line with inflation and be
begin to close the tax differential with England in a balanced way that pro
protects public services.
  economy: Reform business rates to stop sudden tax hikes on successful emp
employers and help people upskill through new Job Transition Loans worth up
up to £5,000.
  education: Hire 2,000 more pupil support assistants, roll out speech and 
language therapy and make every school a smartphone-free environment.
  equality: Strong defence of LGBT+ and trans rights. Ban all forms of conv
conversion therapies and practices, working in partnership with the UK Gove
Government.
quotes:
  independence: "Back a written constitution for a federal United Kingdom."
Kingdom."
  nhs: "This will be the equivalent of giving every GP practice an
an additional member of clinical staff, including nurses, physiotherapists,
physiotherapists, pharmacists, dieticians, phlebotomists, mental health pro
professionals and counsellors."
  housing: "We will tackle the chronic housing shortage by returning houseb
housebuilding to a level that gets 25,000 new homes built annually, and cre
create new key worker housing so that finding a home isn't a barrier to tak
taking up a job when somewhere is crying out for your skills."
  climate: "Developing a programme for a new generation of net zero new tow
towns, prioritising from the outset features such as rail links, biodiversi
biodiversity, district heating, and the 20-minute neighbourhood."
  tax: "Where funds are available, our priorities will be to lift tax thres
thresholds in line with inflation and begin to close the tax differential w
with England in a balanced way that protects public services."
  economy: "We will make it easier to do business and stop sudden tax hikes
hikes threatening successful employers by reforming business rates."
  education: "Enshrine the right of children to learn, and teachers to teac
teach, by making every school a smartphone-free environment."
  equality: "Banning all forms of conversion therapies and practices, worki
working in partnership with the UK Government to achieve this."

Observations: positions keys are present. They are numeric values (0,2,1,1,
(0,2,1,1,1,1,1,2). stances keys, quotes keys correct.

Next file: data/parties/scottish-national-party.yaml:
---
id: scottish-national-party
name: Scottish National Party (SNP)
positions:
  independence: 2
  nhs: 2
  housing: 2
  climate: 1
  tax: 2
  economy: 1
  education: 2
  equality: 2
stances:
  independence: Support independence. An SNP majority at this election is f
framed as a mandate for a referendum. Independence cited as essential to Sc
Scotland's future prosperity.
  nhs: Significant NHS investment. Expand GP walk-in clinics, shorten waiti
waiting times, deliver more operations and community diagnostics. NHS descr
described as Scotland's most precious public service.
  housing: Build 110,000 affordable homes by 2032 (70% social rent), create
create a new housing agency, retain the rent control framework, and provide
provide deposit support of up to £10,000 for first-time buyers.
  climate: Continue the transition to net zero by 2045 with a focus on Scot
Scotland's renewable energy wealth. Interim 2030 climate targets were dropp
dropped in 2024; emphasis is on energy costs and a just transition.
  tax: Keep Scotland's progressive income tax, the fairest and most progres
progressive in the UK. Introduce a mansion tax on properties valued above £
£1m from 2028.
  economy: Grow the economy while protecting public services. Unlock £20 bi
billion of pension fund investment, back a just transition, and use Scotlan
Scotland's renewable energy wealth to cut costs for households and business
businesses.
  education: A transformational national expansion of childcare from 9 mont
months to the end of primary school, 52 weeks a year. Protect free universi
university tuition and free school lunches.
  equality: Uphold and protect the human rights of trans people within devo
devolved powers. Scotland is the first country in the world to incorporate 
LGBTQI+ education in schools. Strong commitment to equality across all grou
groups.
quotes:
  independence: "A vote for the SNP is a vote for a referendum on independe
independence. Based on the 2011 precedent, an SNP majority at this election
election is a mandate for the transfer of powers to the Scottish Parliament
Parliament to enable an independence referendum to be held."
  nhs: "Scotland's NHS is our most precious public service."
  housing: "This funding boost will support the delivery of 110,000 afforda
affordable homes by 2032, with at least 10% of these in rural areas and isl
islands, and 70% of these for social rent."
  climate: "Scotland must play a full part in tackling the climate and natu
nature emergencies."
  tax: "From 2028, we will levy a mansion tax, raising additional funds for
for local services by adding two bands to the top of the council tax system
system for properties valued at over £1 million and £2 million."
  economy: "I want to grow our economy, eradicate child poverty, improve ou
our public services, and protect our environment."
  education: "A transformational national expansion of childcare, from 9 mo
months to the end of primary school, 52 weeks a year, making life easier fo
for families."
  equality: "We are committed to upholding and protecting the human rights 
of trans people as far as possible within our powers and we will do all we 
can to ensure that trans people's identities are recognised and respected."
respected."

Observations: positions keys correct numeric values. stances keys match exp
expected keys? Let’s verify: independence, nhs, housing, climate, tax, econ
economy, education, equality. Yes.

quotes: again eight keys.

So which file is "inconsistent"? The instruction says: "Output exactly one 
of: CLEAN  OR  INCONSISTENT followed by one bullet per actual deviation." I
I must output a single answer that is either "CLEAN" or "INCONSISTENT", wit
with bullet points for each deviation if it's inconsistent. It instructs: "
"Expected shape: top-level keys id, name, positions, stances, quotes; posit
positions has 8 numeric keys (independence, nhs, housing, climate, tax, eco
economy, education, equality) each 0-2; stances and quotes each have the sa
same 8 keys with text values." So check for deviations.

I must check if any file's structure deviates from expected shape. The expe
expected shape: top-level keys should be exactly id, name, positions, stanc
stances, quotes.
Let's list each YAML:

Reform-UK.yaml:
- It has id, name, positions, stances, quotes.
- Positions: independence=0, nhs=1, housing=0, climate=0, tax=0, economy=0,
economy=0, education=0, equality=0. All numeric values (not strings) and wi
within allowed range [0,2]. Good.

stances: keys: independence, nhs, housing, climate, tax, economy, education
education, equality. Each is text string.
quotes: keys are same eight. They are strings wrapped in quotes sometimes, 
but that's valid YAML.

Scottish Conservatives:
- id, name, positions (keys exactly match), stances (all keys), quotes (all
(all keys).
No deviation.

Scottish Green Party:
- All eight numeric values for positions, all within range.
stances: keys as expected.
quotes: keys as expected. Check if any extra or missing? They are there.

Scottish Labour:
- id, name, positions with eight keys and allowed numeric values (0-2)? ind
independence=0 is okay because 0 <= 2, nhs=2 is allowed; housing=1; climate
climate=1; tax=1; economy=1; education=1; equality=1.
stances: correct. quotes: correct.

Scottish Liberal Democrats:
- id, name, positions with eight keys and numeric values all in allowed ran
range (0, 2, etc). Check equality key is 2 which is allowed. stances and qu
quotes are present.

Scottish National Party:
- id, name, positions: independence=2, nhs=2, housing=2, climate=1, tax=2, 
economy=1, education=2, equality=2; all numeric values in range.
stances: keys: independence, nhs, housing, climate, tax, economy, education
education, equality. They are text strings.
quotes: keys: independence, nhs, housing, climate, tax, economy, education,
education, equality. All present.

I need to double-check if any file misses a key or has an extra key? The in
instruction expects exactly the same keys in stances and quotes as position
positions, i.e., eight keys each. Let’s check counts:

For Reform UK: positions keys count is 8. For stances: "independence", "nhs
"nhs", "housing", "climate", "tax", "economy", "education", "equality". Cou
Count them:
- independence (1)
- nhs (2)
- housing (3)
- climate (4)
- tax (5)
- economy (6)
- education (7)
- equality (8)

Yes.

Scottish Conservatives: positions keys are 8, stances keys count 8, quotes 
keys count 8.

 Scottish Green Party: Positions: independence=2, nhs=2, housing=2, climate
climate=2, tax=2, economy=2, education=2, equality=2. That is exactly eight
eight keys.
stances: Check each key? They are all included:
- independence: text
- nhs: text
- housing: text
- climate: text
- tax: text
- economy: text
- education: text
- equality: text

Quotes: same.

Scottish Labour: positions keys count: independence, nhs, housing, climate,
climate, tax, economy, education, equality. That's 8.
stances and quotes are similarly provided.

 Scottish Liberal Democrats: positions keys: independence, nhs, housing, cl
climate, tax, economy, education, equality. Count = 8.
stances: includes eight items.
quotes: includes eight items.

Scottish National Party: positions keys: independence, nhs, housing, climat
climate, tax, economy, education, equality. That is 8.
stances: They include: independence, nhs, housing, climate, tax, economy, e
education, equality. Count them: independence (1), nhs (2), housing (3), cl
climate (4), tax (5), economy (6), education (7), equality (8). Yes.

quotes for SNP: independence, nhs, housing, climate, tax, economy, educatio
education, equality. Count = 8.

So structure wise each file seems to match expected shape exactly.

I must output either "CLEAN" or "INCONSISTENT". And if inconsistent, list b
bullet points per deviation. I see none.

But check: The instruction said "Do not invent issues." So if there are no 
deviations, then answer "CLEAN".

However, note the instructions "Output exactly one of: CLEAN OR INCONSISTEN
INCONSISTENT followed by one bullet per actual deviation." So if it's incon
inconsistent and has deviations we must list them. But since I see all cons
consistent with expected shape, answer is "CLEAN" (with no bullet points).

But wait, check again each file to ensure that keys are exactly the same as
as required: The top-level keys should be id, name, positions, stances, quo
quotes. In every case they do have these five top-level keys. Positions sho
should contain 8 numeric keys among independence, nhs, housing, climate, ta
tax, economy, education, equality each being a number (0,1,2). They are pre
present and are numbers.

Double-check: The Reform UK file has positions: independence: 0; nhs: 1; ho
housing: 0; climate: 0; tax: 0; economy: 0; education: 0; equality: 0. That
That is valid.

Scottish Conservatives: positions: independence: 0; nhs: 1; housing: 0; cli
climate: 0; tax: 0; economy: 0; education: 1; equality: 0. It's valid.

Scottish Green Party: positions all are 2. Valid.
 Scottish Labour: positions: independence: 0, nhs: 2, housing: 1, climate: 
1, tax: 1, economy: 1, education: 1, equality: 1. They match.
 Scottish Liberal Democrats: positions: independence: 0; nhs: 2; housing: 1
1; climate: 1; tax: 1; economy: 1; education: 1; equality: 2. Valid.

SNP: positions: independence: 2, nhs: 2, housing: 2, climate: 1, tax: 2, ec
economy: 1, education: 2, equality: 2. All valid.

stances and quotes keys are text values in YAML but that's allowed.

I must check if any file is missing a key? For example, sometimes there mig
might be an extra space or formatting issue. But as per the provided YAML, 
they all conform exactly to the expected shape.

Maybe we need to check that each top-level key exists: "id", "name", "posit
"positions", "stances", "quotes". All are present in each file.

I can also check for potential issues like inconsistent indentation but it'
it's not required I think. The instructions are about verifying the YAML st
structure and numeric keys and text keys for stances and quotes.

Double-check if any file includes a comment line or extra spaces? They don'
don't have comments, they just have data.

The question instructs: "Output exactly one of: CLEAN  OR  INCONSISTENT fol
followed by one bullet per actual deviation." So answer is either "CLEAN" w
with no bullet points if it's consistent, or "INCONSISTENT" with bullets if
if there are deviations. I see none.

I must output "CLEAN". Also the instruction says "Do not invent issues."

Therefore my final answer should be:

CLEAN

Because each file exactly matches expected structure: top-level keys id, na
name, positions, stances, quotes; positions has 8 numeric keys in allowed r
range (0-2); stances and quotes have the same 8 keys with text values.

I must output "CLEAN" on its own line? The instruction says "Output exactly
exactly one of: CLEAN OR INCONSISTENT followed by one bullet per actual dev
deviation." So if no deviations, then simply output CLEAN. But I must not i
include any preamble. Therefore answer is just:

CLEAN

But check the question's formatting instructions: "No preamble" so I'll out
output exactly:

CLEAN

I need to verify that none of them are inconsistent.

Wait a moment: The question says "Expected shape: top-level keys id, name, 
positions, stances, quotes; positions has 8 numeric keys (independence, nhs
nhs, housing, climate, tax, economy, education, equality) each 0-2; stances
stances and quotes each have the same 8 keys with text values."

Maybe check if any file contains a key that is not numeric? All are numbers
numbers. They are represented as YAML numbers. Also some are quoted numbers
numbers in quotes? I must check: In Reform UK positions all numbers are unq
unquoted, so they are interpreted as integers. And stances and quotes are s
strings.

Everything seems consistent.

I need to output "CLEAN" if no deviations.

Thus final answer is just:

CLEAN

No bullet points follow because there are no inconsistencies.

I'll now produce the final answer.</think>CLEAN

===== T3-merge-patterns rep 2 =====
DURATION_SEC: 336
RUN_STATUS: 0
OUTPUT:
                                               <think>User provided a commit log and then instructions: "These are the las
last 10 commits on a Scottish election website. List up to 4 specific conce
concerns or loose ends each tied to a checkable file/path/grep pattern. For
For each: CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY. If nothing is reliably check
checkable, output: NONE." We need to produce answer that enumerates up to f
four concerns in the format "CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY", each con
concern should be tied to a specific checkable file or grep pattern and it 
must refer to the commit subjects or content described.

Let's read the provided text carefully:

It lists commits with their message, diff stats etc. It looks like these ar
are commits from some code base for a Scottish election website.

We need: "List up to 4 specific concerns or loose ends each tied to a check
checkable file/path/grep pattern." The instructions say "For each: CONCERN 
| FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY". We must not speculate beyond what the commit 
subjects state, but only mention concerns that are reliably checkable from 
the commit logs.

Let's list out each commit details:

Commit messages:
1. 463068c docs: refresh roadmap after 28 April candidate audit 
   - file changed: docs/ROADMAP.md with changes (insertions and deletions).
deletions).
   Concern? Possibly that roadmap is outdated relative to candid
candidate audit date or maybe check if the roadmap document includes necess
necessary info on candidate audits.

2. 6d23c5e fix: align region card counts with destination page (#71)
   - file changed: src/pages/index.astro (8 lines added/removed). 
   Concern? Possibly check that region cards count is consistent between in
index and destination page.

3. 2a54127 data: normalise IGV branding and listPosition outliers (#70) 
   This commit touches many candidate files in "data/regional-candidates", 
modifying them with changes to IGV branding normalization and also adjustin
adjusting listPosition outliers.
   Concern: Check that the branding is consistent, specifically check for s
string "IGV" or similar in these YAML files.

4. 8a8ace1 quiz: tie handling, podium, and compact regional cards (#69)
   Files changed include planning documents, design spec, several component
components (PartyResultCard.tsx, QuizEngine.tsx, QuizPodium.tsx, quiz helpe
helpers, score-color, dev preview page, tests).
   Concern? Possibly check that the "tie" logic is properly handling ties i
in quiz results; also podium ordering might be off.

5. 41f548a news: refresh from RSS feeds 
   - file changed: data/news.json with modifications
   Concern: Check if the RSS feed refresh works correctly (maybe verify tha
that new items are fetched, or check that no stale items remain).

6. 572198a news: refresh from RSS feeds 
   - file changed: data/news.json again. The commit message is same but wit
with different diff numbers.
   Concern? Possibly similar to previous commit (#41f548a) and may be redun
redundant or conflict in the rss feed code.

7. b056cde simplify: phase 3a — lift candidate-display constants to lib (#6
(#68)
   - Files changed: src/lib/candidate-display.ts (lots of changes), and som
some candidate pages, like [id].astro files.
   Concern? Possibly that constant values used for candidate display are co
correctly lifted into the library and used consistently across the website.
website. We can check pattern "constituency", "regional" etc.

8. 3f495f8 simplify: phase 2a — central party-config for chart colours (#67
(#67)
   - Files changed: ConstituencyMap.tsx, PollsChart.tsx, party-config.ts, g
guide.astro, tests.
   Concern? Possibly that the color configuration is centralized and consis
consistent across charts.

9. 18cd8f5 simplify: phase 1 — drop one-off scripts and tighten lib (#66)
   - Files changed include docs/superpowers/plans/2026-04-28-simplify.md, s
several scripts (cross-copy-bios.ts, enrich-candidates.ts, populate-project
populate-projections.ts, reconcile-candidates.ts), and some library files.
   Concern? Possibly check if removal of one-off scripts does not break fun
functionality. The commit subject says "drop one-off scripts" which might b
be potential loose ends if those scripts were still used somewhere else.

10. 3743b69 polls: update polling data from Wikipedia
    - File changed: data/polls.json with many insertions and a deletion.
    Concern? Possibly check that the polling data is correct and matches cu
current Wikipedia information.

We are to produce "up to 4" concerns, each tied to a checkable file or patt
pattern. The instructions say "list up to four specific concerns or loose e
ends" and then "each tied to a checkable file/path/grep pattern." We need t
to consider each commit message and note any potential issues that might be
be loosely ended.

We must only produce concerns explicitly from commit subjects, not speculat
speculate beyond what the commit subject states. So we must read the commit
commit messages carefully:

- 463068c: "docs: refresh roadmap after 28 April candidate audit". Potentia
Potential loose end? The roadmap might have become outdated because candida
candidate audit was on that date; if there are references to audits and dea
deadlines in docs/ROADMAP.md, perhaps need to check consistency with actual
actual candidate data. But can we mention specific file? Yes: docs/ROADMAP.
docs/ROADMAP.md.
Concern possibility: "Ensure roadmap reflects updated candidate audit info"
info" but not sure.

- 6d23c5e: "fix: align region card counts with destination page (#71)". The
The concern is that region card counts might be inconsistent between the in
index and the destination page. So check file "src/pages/index.astro", also
also maybe grep for something like "#regionCardCount" if exists.
Maybe can mention "Check alignment of region card count in candidate displa
display" but the commit subject is a fix, so it's a resolution of an issue 
that existed before? But instructions require us to list concerns as loose 
ends that might need further checking. Perhaps we want to check that after 
changes, all page counts are aligned.

- 2a54127: "data: normalise IGV branding and listPosition outliers (#70)". 
The commit message says it touches many YAML files in data/regional-candida
data/regional-candidates/*.yaml.
We could mention a concern regarding if the normalization of IGV branding w
was applied consistently across all candidate YAML files. A checkable patte
pattern might be to grep for "IGV" across these files or maybe check for "l
"listPosition:" values that are outliers. So file or pattern: "data/regiona
"data/regional-candidates/*.yaml" and then check for string "IGV" (or maybe
maybe the exact term "listPosition").

- 8a8ace1: "quiz: tie handling, podium, and compact regional cards (#69)". 
This commit touches many files in src/components and lib. The potential con
concern could be if the tie-handling logic might have edge cases for quizze
quizzes where multiple candidates finish with equal scores or if the podium
podium ordering is not stable; also possibly check that the regional card c
compaction does not break layout on mobile screens.
We can mention file "src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts" maybe as a grep pattern. But 
instructions say tie each concern to a checkable file/path/grep pattern.

- 41f548a: "news: refresh from RSS feeds". This commit modifies data/news.j
data/news.json. Concern might be that the news feed could become stale if t
the refresh is not triggered frequently enough, or if there are formatting 
issues with RSS feed items.
But we can also note the subsequent commit with similar subject (#572198a) 
and then check whether both changes conflict.

- 572198a: "news: refresh from RSS feeds". This one again touches data/news
data/news.json. Concern might be potential duplication of effort or merge c
conflicts if they are not coordinated properly.

- b056cde: "simplify: phase 3a — lift candidate-display constants to lib (#
(#68)". The commit subject says "lift candidate-display constants to lib", 
so check that all occurrences in pages and candidate displays now reference
reference the library file instead of hardcoded values. Possibly a concern 
is if there are leftover hard-coded constants in the files changed.
Checkable pattern: grep for candidate-display constants in src/lib/candidat
src/lib/candidate-display.ts maybe, or search for constant names defined in
in that file.

- 3f495f8: "simplify: phase 2a — central party-config for chart colours (#6
(#67)". The commit touches files related to charts. Potential concern is wh
whether the centralized configuration correctly overrides defaults for all 
chart components.
Checkable pattern: grep for party-color or party-config references in the a
affected files (like src/lib/party-config.ts).

- 18cd8f5: "simplify: phase 1 — drop one-off scripts and tighten lib (#66)"
(#66)". This commit drops one-off scripts. Concern might be that some funct
functionality provided by these scripts is still needed but now missing, or
or if there are references to them in documentation.
Checkable pattern: search for references to removed scripts (like cross-cop
cross-copy-bios.ts) in any README or docs.
But the instructions say "if nothing is reliably checkable, output NONE." S
So maybe we need to pick up a couple concerns that are more likely to be ve
verified.

- 3743b69: "polls: update polling data from Wikipedia". Concern might be th
that updated polling data might not match current trends or may have incorr
incorrect formatting. Checkable pattern: grep for "Wikipedia" in the commit
commit diff of data/polls.json, or check if there are any anomalies with th
the inserted lines.

We must list up to 4 specific concerns each tied to a file/path/grep patter
pattern. It instructs "if nothing is reliably checkable, output NONE." But 
we have multiple commits that can be checked with files.

I need to choose up to four concerns from these ten commit subjects that ar
are clearly checkable. They said "these are the last 10 commits on a Scotti
Scottish election website" so I'm allowed to pick concerns that might remai
remain loose ends after the changes. The instructions say: "List up to 4 sp
specific concerns or loose ends each tied to a checkable file/path/grep pat
pattern." It's not "issues", but potential loose ends where something might
might be incomplete.

I'll list them in bullet points with format "CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_V
FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY".

Let me try to identify the ones that are most likely to be concerns:

1. Concern: The roadmap refresh (commit 463068c). Loose end: "Check that do
docs/ROADMAP.md now accurately reflects changes after the candidate audit."
audit." 
But is that verifiable? Yes, we can check file path docs/ROADMAP.md for con
consistency with the new candidate audit information.

2. Concern: For commit 6d23c5e (align region card counts), maybe a concern 
is "Verify that region card counts on the destination page match those on t
the index." But it's a fix commit, so it might be checking if alignment wor
works.
We have file changed: src/pages/index.astro. I can say "Check consistency o
of region card count in 'src/components/RegionCard' or similar" but not sur
sure. The diff says only changes to index page, but also "destination page"
page" is mentioned. But the commit subject is a fix so likely it's resolved
resolved.

Maybe we want to list a concern that is still loose: Possibly with the RSS 
feed refresh commits (#41f548a and #572198a). They are two consecutive comm
commits that update news from RSS feeds. It might be a concern if the combi
combined effect of these changes leads to inconsistencies in data/news.json
data/news.json. But since both affect same file, maybe check for duplicate 
entries or conflicting changes.

Let's consider which ones we can list:
- The candidate audit refresh roadmap: docs/ROADMAP.md could have loose end
ends regarding new candidate info integration.
- Normalisation of IGV branding and listPosition outliers: Check that all r
regional candidate YAML files have been normalized correctly. Pattern: grep
grep for "IGV" in data/regional-candidates/*.yaml.

- Quiz tie handling: There is a potential loose end if the tie-handling log
logic (in src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts or components like PartyResultCard.tsx an
and QuizPodium.tsx) might not fully cover edge cases. So check that tests f
for quiz tie conditions exist, maybe grep for "tie" in these files.

- The candidate-display constants being lifted to lib: There may be a loose
loose end where some pages (like src/pages/candidates/[id].astro or /region
/regional/[id].astro) might still have hardcoded values instead of using th
the new centralized constants. So check those files against grep for "const
"const" in candidate display? But not sure.

- The central party-config for chart colours: We can mention that the integ
integration across multiple components (ConstituencyMap.tsx, PollsChart.tsx
PollsChart.tsx) should be verified. Possibly check if any hard-coded color 
references remain.

- The drop of one-off scripts (#18cd8f5): There might be a loose end regard
regarding dependencies on those scripts in other parts of the codebase or d
documentation that still reference them.

- The polling data from Wikipedia: Loose end could be verifying that the up
updated polls.json matches current Wikipedia info. Possibly check file data
data/polls.json for discrepancies.

We need to choose up to 4 concerns and tie each with a file/path/grep patte
pattern reliably checkable.

I want to produce four separate items, each with format "CONCERN | FILE_OR_
FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY". I'll try to pick ones that are clearly document
documented in the commit messages:

Candidate Audit Roadmap Refresh: 
- Concern: The refreshed roadmap might not fully reflect all candidate audi
audit changes. Check file docs/ROADMAP.md for updates after 28 April.
But is it checkable? Yes, we can search the file.

IGV Branding Normalization:
- Concern: Ensure that IGV branding in regional-candidates YAML files is co
consistent and no outliers remain. Check pattern "IGV" or "listPosition" in
in data/regional-candidates/*.yaml.

Quiz Tie Handling:
- Concern: Verify that tie-handling logic for quiz results is fully compreh
comprehensive, especially regarding podium ordering in scenarios with multi
multiple ties. Check file src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts and maybe grep for the wo
word "tie".

Candidate-display Constants Lifted to Lib:
- Concern: Confirm that candidate display constants have been consistently 
replaced across all candidate pages (constituency/regional). Check files su
such as src/pages/candidates/[id].astro, /regional/[id].astro against grep 
for a known constant string from candidate-display.ts.

Alternatively, we can pick the polling data update:
- Concern: Validate that polling data in data/polls.json is current and cor
correctly formatted after Wikipedia refresh. But maybe not necessary if it'
it's less ambiguous.

Between these choices, I'll produce four concerns. Let me check each commit
commit message to see what file or pattern might be used:

Commit 463068c: "docs: refresh roadmap after 28 April candidate audit". Che
Check docs/ROADMAP.md for consistency with candidate audit date and candida
candidate data.
I can list: "Ensure that the roadmap document reflects updates from the can
candidate audit" | FILE: docs/ROADMAP.md. But then what pattern? Possibly g
grep for "candidate audit", but not sure.

Commit 6d23c5e: "fix: align region card counts with destination page (#71)"
(#71)". We might say: "Confirm that region card counts are correctly aligne
aligned across index and destination pages" | FILE: src/pages/index.astro, 
maybe also search for any similar text in candidate component files? But on
only one file is changed.

Commit 2a54127: "data: normalise IGV branding and listPosition outliers (#7
(#70)". This touches many YAML files.
I can say: "Verify normalization of IGV branding across all regional candid
candidate files" | FILE: data/regional-candidates/*.yaml. And pattern: grep
grep for "IGV".
Maybe also check for "listPosition:" anomalies.

Commit 8a8ace1: "quiz: tie handling, podium, and compact regional cards (#6
(#69)". This has many file changes. We can say: "Ensure that quiz tie-handl
tie-handling logic is robust and covers all edge cases" | FILE: src/lib/qui
src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts (or maybe grep for 'tie'). But the commit touches m
multiple files. I could list one file specifically.

Alternatively, commit b056cde ("lift candidate-display constants to lib") m
might be a concern if not all pages reference the new lib constants.
Maybe combine it with 463068c? I'll choose 4 concerns from these commits:

I need up to four items in format: "CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY".

Let's consider the following potential concerns:

1. Roadmap refresh (commit 463068c) might not reflect all candidate audit c
changes.
   So I'll list: 
   "Confirm that docs/ROADMAP.md accurately reflects updated candidate audi
audit details" | FILE: docs/ROADMAP.md with grep pattern maybe "audit".

2. Alignment of region card counts (commit 6d23c5e).
   But since it's a fix commit, perhaps the concern is already resolved? Th
The instructions say "list up to 4 specific concerns or loose ends". They m
might be potential oversights in the changes. I can mention if there's any 
possibility that the region card count alignment between index and destinat
destination pages isn't consistent. 
   So: "Verify that region card counts on candidate pages are aligned with 
those on the index page" | FILE: src/pages/index.astro (and perhaps grep fo
for a specific marker like "regionCardCount").

3. Normalise IGV branding (commit 2a54127).
   We can mention: "Ensure all regional candidates have consistent IGV bran
branding and correct listPosition values" | FILE: data/regional-candidates/
data/regional-candidates/*.yaml, grep pattern: "IGV" or "listPosition:".

4. Quiz tie handling (commit 8a8ace1).
   Concern: "Check that the quiz tie-handling logic correctly handles edge 
cases with multiple candidates tied for positions and updates the podium di
display accordingly" | FILE: src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts, grep pattern: "tie".

Alternatively, I could pick candidate-display constants lifted to lib (comm
(commit b056cde) as a concern:
   Concern: "Ensure that all candidate-display constants are now sourced fr
from lib/candidate-display.ts and no hard-coded values remain in candidate 
pages" | FILE: src/pages/candidates/[id].astro and /regional/[id].astro, gr
grep pattern for constant names (maybe something like "CANDIDATE_DISPLAY_CO
"CANDIDATE_DISPLAY_CONST").

Or I can choose polling data update (#3743b69) as a concern:
   Concern: "Validate that the updated polling data in data/polls.json is c
complete and accurate according to current Wikipedia sources" | FILE: data/
data/polls.json, grep for pattern maybe "Wikipedia".

But I need to pick only four. Which ones are more likely to be loose ends? 
Possibly:

- The roadmap refresh might have leftover outdated candidate audit info.
- The normalization of IGV branding may leave some outliers not normalized.
normalized.
- The quiz tie-handling logic might have untested edge cases, es
especially with the new compact regional cards.
- The lifting of candidate-display constants might still have hard-coded va
values in some pages.

Let me check commit subjects: They are "last 10 commits on a Scottish elect
election website." So these are likely changes that could leave behind loos
loose ends if not verified. I need to list up to four concerns, each with f
file or pattern.

I can produce four items as separate lines like:

1. CONCERN | docs/ROADMAP.md: "Verify updated roadmap reflects candidate au
audit outcomes" but the instructions say "For each: CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTE
FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY." Format should be a line per concern. I'll produ
produce them as bullet points.

Maybe I'll produce:
- Roadmap refresh: "Roadmap update may not fully incorporate all changes fr
from the 28 April candidate audit; verify that docs/ROADMAP.md contains upd
updated deadlines and audit outcomes" | FILE: docs/ROADMAP.md, grep for "au
"audit"
- Region card count alignment: "Region card counts on destination pages mig
might still be misaligned with index counts after fix commit (#71); double-
double-check consistency across all relevant candidate display components."
components." But I only have one file changed in that commit (src/pages/ind
(src/pages/index.astro). But the destination page is not explicitly named; 
possibly check for region card counts in candidate detail pages or similar.
similar.
But I'll say: "Verify that region card count updates are consistent
consistently applied across index and detail pages" | FILE: src/pages/index
src/pages/index.astro (if there's a specific pattern, perhaps grep for "reg
"regionCardCount").

- Normalised IGV branding: "Ensure normalization of IGV branding has been a
applied consistently to all regional candidates YAML files; check for any r
remaining outliers in listPosition values." | FILE: data/regional-candidate
data/regional-candidates/*.yaml, grep for "IGV" or "listPosition:".

- Quiz tie handling: "Review quiz tie-handling logic to confirm that edge c
cases with tied scores and podium ordering are correctly managed; verify te
tests cover all scenarios." | FILE: src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts (grep for "tie"
"tie").

I can also consider a concern from candidate-display constants: But maybe n
not because it's already merged.

Alternatively, I could produce:
- Polling data update: "Ensure that polling data in data/polls.json matches
matches current Wikipedia information and does not omit or incorrectly form
format any entries." | FILE: data/polls.json, grep for "poll" (but commit s
subject is specifically 'update polling data from Wikipedia', so it's likel
likely updated properly). But maybe not necessary.

Given the instructions, I must list up to 4 concerns. I will choose four th
that are clearly checkable:

1. Roadmap Refresh Concern: 
   CONCERN: Updated roadmap might omit details regarding candidate audit ad
adjustments post-28 April.
   FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY: docs/ROADMAP.md (grep for "audit").

2. Region Card Count Alignment:
   CONCERN: Region card counts might not be fully synchronized between inde
index and destination pages following the alignment fix (#71).
   FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY: src/pages/index.astro (and possibly grep for 
region-related identifiers).

3. IGV Branding Normalization:
   CONCERN: Incomplete normalization of IGV branding and listPosition value
values in regional candidate YAML files.
   FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY: data/regional-candidates/*.yaml (grep for "IG
"IGV" or "listPosition").

4. Quiz Tie Handling Logic:
   CONCERN: The quiz tie-handling implementation may not cover all edge cas
cases, leading to potential display issues on podium and compact regional c
cards.
   FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY: src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts (grep for "tie").

I think these four are clear.

But let me check commit messages details:

Commit 463068c: docs update roadmap after candidate audit. It's a loose end
end if the roadmap doesn't reflect all required info from candidate audit.
So I'll produce a concern referencing docs/ROADMAP.md and maybe grep for "a
"audit" or something.

Commit 6d23c5e: alignment region card counts with destination page (#71). T
The commit subject says "align", so it's a fix. But if the fix didn't propa
propagate to all pages, that might be an open concern. However, only one fi
file changed (src/pages/index.astro), and they mention "destination page" b
but not which file? Possibly destination page is a candidate detail page.
Maybe I'll produce: "Ensure that region card counts on candidate destinatio
destination pages are consistent with index changes." But then the checkabl
checkable path is ambiguous because we don't know the destination page's fi
file. However, maybe I can use grep pattern "regionCardCount" if it's in ca
candidate display components.

Alternatively, let me check commit 2a54127: many candidate YAML files chang
changed. That one is a good candidate for verification with grep "IGV".

Commit 8a8ace1: quiz tie handling. The diff stats indicate big changes in m
multiple files, so that's a good candidate for verifying tests coverage and
and functionality.

Maybe I want to produce four concerns:

I'll now list them as:
1. Roadmap update concern: "Ensure updated roadmap reflects candidate audit
audit details." | FILE: docs/ROADMAP.md (grep for 'audit').
2. IGV branding normalization concern: "Confirm consistent IGV branding and
and proper listPosition values in all regional candidates YAML files." | FI
FILE: data/regional-candidates/*.yaml (grep for "IGV" or "listPosition").
3. Quiz tie-handling logic concern: "Verify comprehensive handling of tie s
scenarios and podium ordering in quiz results, including edge cases with co
compact regional cards." | FILE: src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts (grep for "tie").
4. Candidate-display constants concern: "Ensure that candidate display cons
constants have been completely lifted to lib/candidate-display.ts without r
residual hard-coded values in candidate pages." But the commit subject is "
"phase 3a — lift candidate-display constants to lib (#68)". We need to chec
check that candidate pages (src/pages/candidates/[id].astro and /regional/[
/regional/[id].astro) no longer have old constants. So I can list: 
"Confirm removal of hard-coded candidate display constants from candidate p
pages." | FILE: src/pages/candidates/[id].astro, src/pages/candidates/regio
src/pages/candidates/regional/[id].astro (grep for candidate-display consta
constant names like maybe "CANDIDATE_DISPLAY_*").

But which one should I choose? Possibly the roadmap update is more fundamen
fundamental. But I already included a concern on quiz tie handling. Alterna
Alternatively, we can include polling data update as a concern:
"Ensure polling data from Wikipedia is complete and accurate." | FILE: data
data/polls.json (grep for "poll"). 
I must pick up to 4 concerns, so I could choose either candidate-display co
constants or polling update.

Maybe it's better to choose the candidate-display constants because that's 
a structural change across multiple files. Let me see commit b056cde: It ch
changed src/lib/candidate-display.ts significantly and also made changes in
in pages: [id].astro, /constituency/[id].astro, /regional/[id].astro.
So potential loose end is that candidate display constants might still be h
hard-coded in some places. We can produce a concern:
"Verify that all candidate-display constants have been migrated to lib/cand
lib/candidate-display.ts and no legacy constants remain in candidate pages.
pages." | FILE: src/pages/candidates/* (grep for any constant name pattern 
if available; maybe grep for "const" or "CANDIDATE_DISPLAY").

But the instructions say not to speculate beyond what commit subjects state
state. The commit subject states "lift candidate-display constants to lib",
lib", so that is a change. The potential loose end would be if some pages w
were missed by this migration.

Thus, I have four concerns:
1. Roadmap update might have outdated info: docs/ROADMAP.md.
2. Normalization of IGV branding and listPosition: data/regional-candidates
data/regional-candidates/*.yaml.
3. Quiz tie handling: src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts.
4. Candidate-display constants migration: candidate pages (src/pages/candid
(src/pages/candidates/*) vs lib.

Alternatively, I can also mention the news refresh commits are two separate
separate commits that may conflict or duplicate changes in data/news.json (
(#41f548a and #572198a). That is a potential loose end as well because if t
they both modify the same file, maybe there's redundancy. 
I could list: "Confirm that the RSS feed refreshes do not result in conflic
conflicting news entries." | FILE: data/news.json (grep for duplicate patte
patterns maybe).

Let me consider which four concerns are most likely to be loose ends:

- Roadmap refresh is a documentation update and might need re-validation.
- IGV branding normalization in YAML files is a potential concern because o
of outliers.
- Quiz tie handling changes many components and test coverage might be inco
incomplete.
- Candidate-display constants migration: ensure no legacy values remain.

But there's also the polling data update (#3743b69) which could be an issue
issue if outdated or mismatched with Wikipedia. But which one to choose? I 
have four concerns already, but maybe I want to include polling data becaus
because it is a concrete change in data/polls.json that might need verifica
verification.

I need exactly 4 items, not more. Which ones are most significant?
The roadmap update (#463068c) affects docs, and the candidate-display const
constants (#b056cde) affect code structure.
The IGV branding normalization (#2a54127) seems likely to have loose ends i
if some YAML files were not updated consistently.
The quiz tie handling (#8a8ace1) is a big commit with many changes and pote
potential edge cases.
Between these, which ones are "checkable" by file or grep pattern? The road
roadmap doc is checkable. The candidate YAML files for IGV branding are che
checkable using the wildcard. The quiz helpers file is checkable using grep
grep for tie.

Also consider the two news refresh commits (#41f548a and #572198a) that bot
both change data/news.json. That might be a loose end because they appear t
to be doing similar changes; maybe one of them might have been unnecessary 
or cause conflicts, so a potential concern would be: "Review RSS feed refre
refresh logic in data/news.json for redundant updates." But it's less clear
clear if this is a checkable loose end.

Alternatively, the candidate-display constants migration (#b056cde) seems l
like a structural change that should be verified. The commit subject says "
"lift candidate-display constants to lib", so potential loose end: leftover
leftover hard-coded values in candidate pages.
I can list that concern as: "Ensure candidate display constants are complet
completely migrated from hardcoded values in candidate pages to the central
centralized library (src/lib/candidate-display.ts)." | FILE: src/pages/cand
src/pages/candidates/* and grep for a known constant string, maybe search f
for something like "const" if it's not too generic.

The instructions say "List up to 4 specific concerns or loose ends each tie
tied to a checkable file/path/grep pattern." So I need four lines. And then
then if nothing is reliably checkable, output NONE.

I must ensure the concern text does not include speculation beyond commit s
subjects. For example: "Ensure updated roadmap reflects candidate audit det
details" is exactly what the commit says ("refresh roadmap after 28 April c
candidate audit"). Similarly for others.

Let's produce them in a clear format:

Concern #1:
"Roadmap might not fully reflect post-candidate audit updates." 
| docs/ROADMAP.md (grep for "audit")

Concern #2:
"IGV branding normalization might leave some YAML files with outdated or ou
outlier listPosition values."
| data/regional-candidates/*.yaml (grep for "IGV" or "listPosition:")

Concern #3:
"Quiz tie-handling logic may not comprehensively cover all edge cases, part
particularly regarding podium ordering in tie situations."
| src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts (grep for "tie")

Concern #4:
"Candidate-display constants migration might have missed some pages still c
containing legacy hardcoded values."
| src/pages/candidates/* and /regional/* (grep for candidate-display consta
constant identifier e.g. "CANDIDATE_DISPLAY_*").

Alternatively, I can list them as 1: docs/ROADMAP.md, 2: data/regional-cand
data/regional-candidates/*.yaml, 3: src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts, 4: src/pages/c
src/pages/candidates/[id].astro (or similar). But then which one? I have tw
two candidate concerns.

I must pick four. I can choose:
1) Roadmap doc update: docs/ROADMAP.md.
2) Normalization of IGV branding in YAML files: data/regional-candidates/*.
data/regional-candidates/*.yaml.
3) Quiz tie-handling logic: src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts.
4) Candidate-display constants migration: candidate pages, e.g. src/pages/c
src/pages/candidates/[id].astro and /regional/[id].astro.

I think that is acceptable.

Alternatively, I can choose the polling data update (#3743b69) as concern #
#4:
"Polling data updated from Wikipedia might not match current polls or may c
contain formatting issues."
| data/polls.json (grep for "poll").

But which one is more compelling? Possibly candidate-display constants migr
migration seems a significant change across multiple files. But then if I l
list it, that's 4 items.

I need to pick only four. Which ones are checkable with a clear file patter
pattern?

For roadmap update: docs/ROADMAP.md is clearly checkable.
For IGV branding normalization: data/regional-candidates/*.yaml is clearly 
checkable using wildcard.
For quiz tie-handling: src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts is specific.
For candidate-display constants migration: it's changed in multiple files, 
but I can refer to them as: "src/pages/candidates/*" or similar. That seems
seems acceptable.

I must produce exactly four lines with the specified format "CONCERN | FILE
FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY".

I'll produce answer lines like:
"Roadmap refresh may not reflect all candidate audit changes | docs/ROADMAP
docs/ROADMAP.md (grep for 'audit')"
"IGV branding normalization might miss outlier values in some YAML files | 
data/regional-candidates/*.yaml (grep for 'IGV' or 'listPosition:')"
"Quiz tie-handling logic could have edge-case issues with multiple ties and
and podium ordering | src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts (grep for 'tie')"
"Candidate-display constants migration might leave legacy hard-coded values
values in candidate pages | src/pages/candidates/* and /regional/* (grep fo
for candidate-display constant pattern)"

I need to check if the commit subjects mention "candidate display constants
constants" are lifted. Yes, commit b056cde does that.

Alternatively, I can pick polling data update as the fourth concern:
"Polling data from Wikipedia might have inconsistencies or formatting issue
issues post-update | data/polls.json (grep for 'poll')".

Which one to choose? Possibly candidate-display constants migration is a st
structural change and it's checkable by verifying in multiple pages. The po
polling update is also checkable.

I need up to 4 concerns, not necessarily all must be picked from different 
commit subjects, but they should tie back to the commit messages.

The roadmap refresh (#463068c) is a concern.
Normalization of IGV branding (#2a54127) is a concern.
Quiz tie handling (#8a8ace1) is a concern.
Candidate-display constants migration (#b056cde) is a concern.
But then that makes four. But let me check if any others are more likely to
to have loose ends: The fix commit (#6d23c5e) might be resolved, but maybe 
not.

I can also consider the two news refresh commits (#41f548a and #572198a). T
They both change data/news.json with different diff stats. That is suspicio
suspicious because two separate commits affect same file on same day (maybe
(maybe one of them is redundant or there's risk of merge conflicts). That m
might be a concern:
"RSS feed refresh logic in news file might have redundancy or conflicting c
changes due to multiple commits." But then that would be checkable by looki
looking at data/news.json. I can list it as: "Ensure that RSS feed updates 
in data/news.json are not duplicated or conflicting between commits #41f548
#41f548a and #572198a" | data/news.json (grep for commit date maybe).

I have to choose up to 4 concerns though, so which ones are most likely? Pe
Perhaps the candidate-display constants migration is less obvious because i
it's a refactor.

The question said "list up to 4 specific concerns or loose ends". It doesn'
doesn't require all potential loose ends must be from different commits. I 
can list any four that are reliably checkable with a file path and pattern.
pattern. The instructions say: "if nothing is reliably checkable, output NO
NONE." But there is at least one.

I need to provide exactly 4 lines in the answer, each line: "CONCERN | FILE
FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY".

I'll produce:
1. Roadmap update: "Roadmap refresh might not fully incorporate all candida
candidate audit changes" | docs/ROADMAP.md (grep for 'audit').
2. IGV branding normalization: "Normalization of IGV branding may have left
left outliers in candidate YAML files" | data/regional-candidates/*.yaml (g
(grep for 'IGV' or 'listPosition:').
3. Quiz tie handling: "Quiz tie-handling logic might not cover all edge cas
cases, affecting podium display and regional card compaction" | src/lib/qui
src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts (grep for 'tie').
4. Candidate-display constants migration: "Candidate display constant value
values may still be hardcoded in candidate pages instead of using the new c
centralized lib values" | src/pages/candidates/* and /regional/* (grep for 
candidate-display constant pattern, e.g., "const").

I need to format them as required lines:
"CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY". I can produce each line on its own.

I must not include any additional commentary beyond that. The instructions 
say: "For each: CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY." So I'll list four ite
items separated by newlines, maybe bullet points with a pipe between them.

Let's check the commit subjects:
- Roadmap: commit subject says "refresh roadmap after 28 April candidate au
audit". That is checkable in docs/ROADMAP.md.
- IGV branding normalization: commit subject "normalise IGV branding and li
listPosition outliers" is checkable across YAML files.
- Quiz tie handling: commit subject "quiz: tie handling, podium, and compac
compact regional cards" is checkable in quiz helpers file.
- Candidate-display constants migration: commit subject "lift candidate-dis
candidate-display constants to lib" is checkable by verifying candidate pag
pages.

I must not add extra explanation beyond listing the concerns with file path
paths. But maybe a short description is needed? The instructions require ea
each line has the format "CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY". I can produ
produce text lines like:
"Roadmap may omit audit details post 28 April update | docs/ROADMAP.md (gre
(grep 'audit')"
That looks good.

I think that's acceptable.

Alternatively, I could choose to include polling data update as concern #4 
instead of candidate-display constants migration. But the candidate-display
candidate-display constants migration is clearly a refactor that might have
have left legacy code behind.
Which one is more likely? Possibly both are valid loose ends. I have to cho
choose only 4 out of many. I can check commit messages:

- Candidate audit roadmap refresh (#463068c) - This is documentation, so it
it's not critical but it's a loose end.
- IGV branding normalization (#2a54127) - that might be more technical and 
could cause display issues if some YAML files were missed.
- Quiz tie handling (#8a8ace1) - this is complex logic that may have edge c
cases.
- Polls update (#3743b69) is straightforward data update but less likely to
to be a loose end.

Maybe candidate-display constants migration (#b056cde) is a structural chan
change and might leave legacy code. I'll choose it as concern #4, since the
there are multiple files changed in that commit which can be grep for somet
something like "candidateDisplay".

I need to output up to 4 lines. I must not include markdown formatting by d
default? The instructions said "By default, do not reply with Markdown form
formatting" but also "If nothing is reliably checkable, output NONE." But t
the system says "default text", so I'll produce plain text.

I must now produce answer with exactly four concerns each in the specified 
format. Use "CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY" for each line.

I need to produce lines like:
"Roadmap might not fully reflect candidate audit updates | docs/ROADMAP.md 
(grep 'audit')"
"IGV branding and listPosition normalization may have missed outliers | dat
data/regional-candidates/*.yaml (grep 'IGV' or 'listPosition:')" 
"Quiz tie-handling logic might miss edge cases in tied results and podium o
ordering | src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts (grep 'tie')"
"Candidate display constants migration might leave legacy hard-coded values
values on candidate pages | src/pages/candidates/* and /regional/* (grep fo
for candidate-display constant pattern)".

I must be careful with the pipe symbol. I can produce lines exactly in that
that format: each line begins with "CONCERN" then a vertical bar then file/
file/pattern.

The instructions say: "For each: CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY." So I
I'll produce:

1. Roadmap refresh might not fully incorporate candidate audit changes | do
docs/ROADMAP.md (grep for 'audit')
2. IGV branding normalization may still have outliers in YAML files | data/
data/regional-candidates/*.yaml (grep for 'IGV' or 'listPosition:')
3. Quiz tie-handling logic may not cover all edge cases for tied scores and
and podium ordering | src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts (grep for 'tie')
4. Candidate-display constants migration might leave legacy hard-coded valu
values in candidate pages | src/pages/candidates/* and /regional/* (grep fo
for candidate-display constant pattern)

I'll produce them as plain text lines.

However, I'm not 100% sure if these concerns are "loose ends" or "specific 
concerns tied to checkable file/path". But they seem appropriate since the 
instructions said: "list up to 4 specific concerns each tied to a checkable
checkable file/path/grep pattern." They mention "if nothing is reliably che
checkable, output NONE."

I must ensure I don't include any speculation. Each concern must be derived
derived from the commit subject. The roadmap refresh commit says "refresh r
roadmap", so it's checkable by docs/ROADMAP.md.
The data normalization commit says "normalise IGV branding and listPosition
listPosition outliers" so that is clearly tied to candidate YAML files.
The quiz tie handling commit says "tie handling, podium, and compact region
regional cards" so it's checkable in src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts.
The candidate-display constants migration commit says "lift candidate-displ
candidate-display constants to lib", so it's checkable in the candidate pag
pages.

I can also mention: "Align region card counts between index and destination
destination page might still be inconsistent" but I don't have a file for d
destination page. It only changed src/pages/index.astro, so not sure.

The news refresh commits are both modifying data/news.json, but they could 
be checkable if we look at the diff or compare commit differences. But that
that might not yield a loose end because it's likely intentional to update 
RSS feeds.
Also the scripts dropped (#18cd8f5) are one-off scripts and may have depend
dependencies; however, I'm not sure if it's reliably checkable.

The polling data update (#3743b69) is also straightforward. Possibly I'll c
choose candidate-display constants migration as my fourth concern.

I must list only 4 concerns.

I can now produce the answer in plain text lines following instructions exa
exactly.

I'll produce final answer in plain text with each line on separate bullet p
points.

I'll check if instructions require numbering or just a list separated by ne
newlines. The instruction says "List up to 4 specific concerns" so I'll pro
produce them as separate lines: one per commit subject that is loosely ende
ended.

Thus, my final answer:
1. Roadmap refresh might not fully reflect candidate audit details | docs/R
docs/ROADMAP.md (grep for 'audit')
2. IGV branding normalization may have missed outliers in candidate YAML fi
files | data/regional-candidates/*.yaml (grep for 'IGV' or 'listPosition:')
'listPosition:')
3. Quiz tie-handling logic might not cover all edge cases, 
affecting podium display and regional card compaction | src/lib/quiz-helper
src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts (grep for 'tie')
4. Candidate-display constants migration may leave legacy hard-coded values
values in candidate pages | src/pages/candidates/* and /regional/* (grep fo
for candidate-display constant pattern)

I'll produce the answer accordingly.

I'll now produce final answer.</think>1. Roadmap refresh might not fully in
incorporate post‑audit updates | docs/ROADMAP.md (grep for "audit")
2. IGV branding normalization may have missed outliers in some YAML files |
| data/regional-candidates/*.yaml (grep for "IGV" or "listPosition:")
3. Quiz tie‐handling logic might not cover all edge cases (e.g. multiple ti
tied scores affecting podium order) | src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts (grep for "ti
"tie")
4. Candidate‑display constants migration may have left legacy hard‑coded va
values in candidate pages | src/pages/candidates/* and /regional/* (grep fo
for candidate-display constant pattern)

===== T1-doc-drift rep 3 =====
DURATION_SEC: 151
RUN_STATUS: 0
OUTPUT:
              <think>We are given an election website's roadmap claims (from a Scottish e
election website docs/ROADMAP.md post-election cleanup section). There are 
4 claims: A, B, C, D. We need to produce output with exactly four lines in 
the exact format:

"CLAIM_X: <already-done|still-open> — <one-line evidence reference>"

We have codebase evidence details:

Claim A: "Publish a 'How we did' projection retrospective page comparing ea
each constituency's projected top-3 shares against the actual result."

Evidence from the code base says: "There is no 'How we did' retrospective p
page or related code anywhere in the repo." So that indicates that claim A 
has not been addressed.

Thus for claim A, evidence shows it is still open. But check instructions: 
"For each claim output one line in this exact format". We need to produce e
exactly four lines (Claim A, Claim B, Claim C, Claim D). The pattern requir
required:

"CLAIM_X: <already-done|still-open> — <one-line evidence reference>".
We have no preamble or chain-of-thought.

Let's check claim by claim:

- Claim A is "Publish a 'How we did' projection retrospective page comparin
comparing each constituency's projected top-3 shares against the actual res
result." The code base evidence: "There is no 'How we did' retrospective pa
page or related code anywhere in the repo." So that implies it is still ope
open. So output for claim A: "CLAIM_A: still-open — No implementation found
found in repository."

We need to produce exactly one line per claim.

- Claim B: "Retire the dead projection default. scripts/populate-projection
scripts/populate-projections.ts still carries a defaultProjection template 
but every constituency has an explicit override." Evidence from code base: 
"grep for defaultProjection or DEFAULT_PROJECTION across scripts/ and src/ 
yields (no matches)". So evidence suggests that there is no matching candid
candidate code? Wait, let's re-read: The roadmap claim B states "Retire the
the dead projection default. scripts/populate-projections.ts still carries 
a defaultProjection template but every constituency has an explicit overrid
override." But then evidence says "grep for defaultProjection or DEFAULT_PR
DEFAULT_PROJECTION across scripts/ and src/ yields (no matches)". That mean
means that after the code changes, there are no references to 'defaultProje
'defaultProjection'? This might be considered as already done? Let's re-rea
re-read carefully.

The text: 
"Claim B: Retire the dead projection default. scripts/populate-projections.
scripts/populate-projections.ts still carries a defaultProjection template 
but every constituency has an explicit override."

Wait, what does that mean? The claim is "Retire the dead projection default
default." That means remove the code referencing the default projection. Bu
But then evidence from the grep for defaultProjection or DEFAULT_PROJECTION
DEFAULT_PROJECTION across scripts/ and src/ returns no matches. So that mea
means that it has been removed from code base. However, wait: The wording o
of the claim B says "scripts/populate-projections.ts still carries a defaul
defaultProjection template" but then the roadmap says "retire the dead proj
projection default." But evidence for that search yields (no matches). It m
might be that there is no such reference now, meaning it's been retired. So
So we output as already done if the defaultProjection reference is absent. 
However, check evidence: The grep result says "(no matches)". Possibly that
that means code has been cleaned up and the dead projection template is rem
removed. But then claim B says "but every constituency has an explicit over
override". Wait, let me re-read carefully:
"Claim B: Retire the dead projection default. scripts/populate-projections.
scripts/populate-projections.ts still carries a defaultProjection template 
but every constituency has an explicit override." That means that they want
want to remove the defaultProjection template because it's not used anywher
anywhere since all constituencies have overrides.

Now evidence: "grep for defaultProjection or DEFAULT_PROJECTION across scri
scripts/ and src/:
  (no matches)" So evidence indicates that there is no code reference in th
the repository. So that claim should be marked as already done if we assume
assume that that removal was completed. Therefore, claim B output is "CLAIM
"CLAIM_B: already-done — defaultProjection references removed from reposito
repository."

- Claim C: "yaml.stringify({ lineWidth: 0 }) in apply-party-positions.ts to
to match populate-projections.ts and stop YAML line-rewrap churn on manifes
manifesto updates." Evidence: 
Code base evidence shows that:
"scripts/apply-party-positions.ts:60:    fs.writeFileSync(filePath, yaml.st
yaml.stringify(data, { lineWidth: 0 }));"
and similarly "scripts/sync-regional-candidates.ts:112:  const content = ya
yaml.stringify(data, { lineWidth: 0 });". So the code calls yaml.stringify 
with {lineWidth: 0}. But claim C might be a request to modify something? Ac
Actually check: The roadmap says "yaml.stringify({ lineWidth: 0 }) in apply
apply-party-positions.ts to match populate-projections.ts and stop YAML lin
line-rewrap churn on manifesto updates." And evidence shows that in scripts
scripts/apply-party-positions.ts at line 60, it calls fs.writeFileSync(file
fs.writeFileSync(filePath, yaml.stringify(data, { lineWidth: 0 }));. So tha
that means that the change has been implemented (because the code already u
uses {lineWidth: 0}). Similarly, sync-regional-candidates also uses it. But
But note that claim C says to match populate-projections.ts? And evidence s
shows that "populate-projections.ts" is not mentioned in grep for yaml.stri
yaml.stringify usage? Wait, check evidence from "yaml.stringify usage acros
across scripts/:" shows: 
   "scripts/apply-party-positions.ts:60: fs.writeFileSync(filePath, yaml.st
yaml.stringify(data, { lineWidth: 0 }));"
   "scripts/sync-regional-candidates.ts:112: const content = yaml.stringify
yaml.stringify(data, { lineWidth: 0 });"

But the claim says "in apply-party-positions.ts to match populate-projectio
populate-projections.ts" but we haven't seen a reference in "populate-proje
"populate-projections.ts"? Actually check evidence: "grep for defaultProjec
defaultProjection or DEFAULT_PROJECTION across scripts/ and src/:" gave no 
matches. But claim C specifically mentions "yaml.stringify({ lineWidth: 0 }
})" in apply-party-positions.ts and to match populate-projections.ts? Wait,
Wait, what does it mean exactly?
The roadmap claim C is:
"Claim C: yaml.stringify({ lineWidth: 0 }) in apply-party-positions.ts to m
match populate-projections.ts and stop YAML line-rewrap churn on manifesto 
updates." 
But evidence shows that in apply-party-positions.ts at line 60 we see "yaml
"yaml.stringify(data, { lineWidth: 0 })". That means that claim C has been 
done if it's consistent. The claim specifically says that they should use y
yaml.stringify with {lineWidth: 0} (which is already the case) to match pop
populate-projections.ts maybe. But wait, check evidence: There is no mentio
mention of "populate-projections.ts" for this particular claim? However, we
we are not required to match exactly, just output one line: CLAIM_C: <alrea
<already-done|still-open> — <one-line evidence reference>.

I need to decide whether it's "already-done" or "still-open"? The evidence 
shows that the call is already there in apply-party-positions.ts and sync-r
sync-regional-candidates uses it too. So it seems claim C has been implemen
implemented, as they use {lineWidth: 0}. However, claim C wording "to match
match populate-projections.ts" but we see no usage of yaml.stringify in pop
populate-projections.ts in the evidence. But note that claim B said that th
there is a defaultProjection template in populate-projections.ts (but then 
grep returns no matches for defaultProjection, so maybe it was removed alre
already). The roadmap has a claim C which says "yaml.stringify({ lineWidth:
lineWidth: 0 }) in apply-party-positions.ts to match populate-projections.t
populate-projections.ts". But evidence shows that apply-party-positions.ts 
does indeed call yaml.stringify with {lineWidth: 0}. So yes, it's done.

But wait, check the original wording: "Claim C: yaml.stringify({ lineWidth:
lineWidth: 0 }) in apply-party-positions.ts" This means that in file apply-
apply-party-positions.ts they should use "yaml.stringify(data, { lineWidth:
lineWidth: 0})". The evidence shows at line 60, indeed it's used. So claim 
C is done.

I'll produce a reference: "scripts/apply-party-positions.ts uses yaml.strin
yaml.stringify with {lineWidth: 0}."

Thus for Claim C: "CLAIM_C: already-done — apply-party-positions.ts calls y
yaml.stringify with lineWidth set to 0."

Maybe I can write it as "Claim C: already-done — yaml.stringify call in app
apply-party-positions.ts includes {lineWidth: 0}". But we need one line evi
evidence reference, so probably "scripts/apply-party-positions.ts at line 6
60" is enough. However careful: The exact output format is "CLAIM_X: <alrea
<already-done|still-open> — <one-line evidence reference>". So I must produ
produce exactly four lines, each in that format.

Now Claim D: "Deep-freeze the data caches (or don't — current shallow freez
freeze matches the existing pattern across all six cached loaders in src/li
src/lib/data.ts)."
Evidence: Code base shows: "src/lib/data.ts cache pattern:
  Six cached loaders all use the same shallow Object.freeze on the returned
returned value. No deep-freeze applied anywhere. Pattern is consistent." So
So that means that they have not deep-frozen caches, but shallow freeze has
has been used consistently. But claim D seems to be about possibly deep fre
freezing them? The text "Deep-freeze the data caches (or don't — current sh
shallow freeze matches the existing pattern across all six cached loaders i
in src/lib/data.ts)." That means that there is a decision: either deep-free
deep-freeze or accept shallow freeze. The evidence says that they are not d
deep frozen but just shallow frozen, and it's consistent with other cached 
loaders. So that means that claim D (to deep-freeze caches) has been decide
decided against? Actually check wording carefully: "Claim D: Deep-freeze th
the data caches (or don't — current shallow freeze matches the existing pat
pattern across all six cached loaders in src/lib/data.ts)." So what is clai
claim D exactly? It's not exactly a command, it's more of a note that you c
can either deep-freeze or do nothing because shallow freeze already exists.
exists. Possibly then claim D should be marked as "already-done" if the tea
team has decided to keep the shallow freeze pattern. But careful: It might 
also be considered open if we want to update code? Let's check evidence: "N
"No deep-freeze applied anywhere." And the roadmap said "Deep-freeze the da
data caches (or don't — current shallow freeze matches the existing pattern
pattern across all six cached loaders in src/lib/data.ts)." That means that
that there is no actual need for a change because they already do something
something consistent. So then claim D should be marked as "already-done" si
since the codebase uses shallow freeze consistently. However, I must decide
decide whether claim D is already done or still open? The evidence says "No
"No deep-freeze applied anywhere" but it says that's consistent with existi
existing pattern across all six cached loaders in src/lib/data.ts. So maybe
maybe they intentionally did not deep-freeze because it didn't match the pa
pattern.

The roadmap claim is ambiguous: It can be interpreted as "We might want to 
deep freeze caches, but since we are already using shallow freeze, there is
is no need." Possibly that means that this claim has been resolved with the
the decision not to deep freeze. So I mark Claim D as "already-done" if tha
that was the resolution.

But careful reading: "Claim D: Deep-freeze the data caches (or don't — curr
current shallow freeze matches the existing pattern across all six cached l
loaders in src/lib/data.ts)."
I interpret this as a decision, and the evidence says "No deep-freeze appli
applied anywhere. Pattern is consistent." That means they've done what they
they already did: use shallow freeze consistently. So I can output claim D 
with reference "src/lib/data.ts uses shallow Object.freeze on cached loader
loaders" so that should be already done.

But wait, check text from roadmap: It might be read as a suggestion to eith
either deep-freeze or not; the evidence shows that they are not doing any d
deep freeze but using a shallow freeze. So it's ambiguous if claim D is "do
"done" or "open". The instructions say "the fixture lists 4 claims (A/B/C/D
(A/B/C/D) and the actual file evidence." The roadmap says in one part: "Cla
"Claim D: Deep-freeze the data caches (or don't — current shallow freeze ma
matches the existing pattern across all six cached loaders in src/lib/data.
src/lib/data.ts)."
Then the evidence says "Six cached loaders all use the same shallow Object.
Object.freeze on the returned value. No deep-freeze applied anywhere. Patte
Pattern is consistent." So that means they have not done a deep-freeze beca
because they already apply a shallow freeze and it's consistent with others
others, so claim D is actually not open if we decide to follow the pattern.
pattern.

The roadmap claim is effectively resolved by using shallow freeze consisten
consistently. Therefore, claim D would be marked as "already-done" because 
there's no code to change. So I'll produce: "CLAIM_D: already-done — src/li
src/lib/data.ts uses consistent shallow freeze on cached loaders."

But wait, what about claim B? Let me re-read claim B again.

Claim B text: "Retire the dead projection default. scripts/populate-project
scripts/populate-projections.ts still carries a defaultProjection template 
but every constituency has an explicit override."
Evidence from grep for defaultProjection: (no matches) so that means the de
defaultProjection is removed. So claim B is done. But also note that the ev
evidence says no matches, which might suggest that in populate-projections.
populate-projections.ts there's no reference to defaultProjection because i
it has been retired? But then "scripts/populate-projections.ts still carrie
carries a defaultProjection template" is contradictory with grep result if 
grep doesn't show any match, unless the repository was updated and now does
doesn't contain it. So yes.

Let me check each claim step-by-step:

Claim A: "How we did retrospective page" There's no implementation code any
anywhere in repo for that; so evidence says "There is no 'How we did' retro
retrospective page or related code anywhere in the repo." => That means not
not done.
Thus output: CLAIM_A: still-open — No retrospective page implemented.

But must match exactly formatting: "CLAIM_X: <already-done|still-open> — <o
<one-line evidence reference>" with no additional commentary. Must produce 
exactly one line for each claim, total of four lines.

Let's produce them:

Claim A: "CLAIM_A: still-open — Missing 'How we did' retrospective page in 
codebase"
But must be a one-line reference. Possibly use quotes like "Not found" etc.
etc.
Maybe I'll output: "CLAIM_A: still-open — No retrospective page impleme
implemented."

I need to decide on exactly what text is acceptable.

Claim B: "CLAIM_B: already-done — defaultProjection references removed from
from repo"

The evidence says: grep for defaultProjection returns no matches. So that i
implies it's been retired.
But also note that the roadmap claim mentioned that populate-projections.ts
populate-projections.ts still carried a defaultProjection template, but may
maybe that means that before retirement? But current state is that there ar
are no matches in repository, so it must be already done.

I can output: "CLAIM_B: already-done — grep finds no references to defaultP
defaultProjection."

Claim C: "CLAIM_C: already-done — apply-party-positions.ts and sync-regiona
sync-regional-candidates.ts use yaml.stringify with lineWidth set to 0"
But we need a single line reference. Possibly "scripts/apply-party-position
"scripts/apply-party-positions.ts shows yaml.stringify(data, {lineWidth: 0}
0})" is enough.

I can output: "CLAIM_C: already-done — apply-party-positions.ts uses yaml.s
yaml.stringify with lineWidth: 0."

Claim D: "CLAIM_D: already-done — src/lib/data.ts uses shallow freeze consi
consistently on all cached loaders"
But careful: The roadmap claim says to deep-freeze or not; evidence shows t
that there is no deep-freeze but shallow freeze exists. And the pattern is 
consistent. So it's done if we consider that decision as fulfilling the req
requirement.
Thus I'll output: "CLAIM_D: already-done — data caches use shallow Object.f
Object.freeze, matching existing pattern."

I must produce exactly 4 lines in order CLAIM_A, CLAIM_B, CLAIM_C, CLAIM_D 
with the exact format.

The answer must be exactly four lines, each line is "CLAIM_X: <status> — <e
<evidence>".
We need to check if any claim might not have been fully implemented. Let's 
re-read evidence:

- For claim A: There is no retrospective page. So it's open.
- For claim B: grep shows (no matches) for defaultProjection or DEFAULT_PRO
DEFAULT_PROJECTION, so that implies code cleaned up.
- For claim C: Code in apply-party-positions.ts and sync-regional-candidate
sync-regional-candidates.ts uses yaml.stringify with lineWidth: 0. So done.
done.
- For claim D: The existing pattern is to use shallow freeze on cached
cached loaders; no deep-freeze required; so it's already-done.

I'll produce four lines accordingly, exactly as per instructions:

"CLAIM_A: still-open — No retrospective page code found in repo."
"CLAIM_B: already-done — defaultProjection references removed (grep yielded
yielded no matches)."
"CLAIM_C: already-done — apply-party-positions.ts calls yaml.stringify with
with lineWidth set to 0."
"CLAIM_D: already-done — src/lib/data.ts uses shallow Object.freeze consist
consistently across cached loaders."

I must produce exactly one line per claim in that format. But instructions 
say "for each claim output one line in this exact format: CLAIM_X: <already
<already-done|still-open> — <one-line evidence reference>. No preamble, no 
commentary, no chain of thought." So I'll produce just the lines.

But careful with punctuation and phrasing? The required format is exactly "
"CLAIM_X: already-done or still-open — one-line evidence reference".

I must check if the instructions require exact capitalization. They said: "
"For each claim output one line in this exact format". It says exactly: CLA
CLAIM_A: <already-done|still-open> — <one-line evidence reference>. So I'll
I'll produce lines:

"CLAIM_A: still-open — Missing retrospective page implementation."
But maybe more succinct wording is required. Possibly I should try to be br
brief.

I can produce:
For claim A, "No 'How we did' retrospective page in repo"
For claim B, "grep for defaultProjection yields no matches"
For claim C, "apply-party-positions.ts uses yaml.stringify with {lineWidth:
{lineWidth: 0}"
For claim D, "src/lib/data.ts consistently applies shallow Object.freeze"

But must check if instructions require exactly one-line evidence reference.
reference. I'll produce a line that is brief.

I must produce four lines exactly as required:

Line 1: CLAIM_A: still-open — No retrospective page implemented.
Line 2: CLAIM_B: already-done — grep for defaultProjection found no matches
matches.
Line 3: CLAIM_C: already-done — apply-party-positions.ts uses yaml.stringif
yaml.stringify with lineWidth set to 0.
Line 4: CLAIM_D: already-done — data caches use shallow freeze consistently
consistently in src/lib/data.ts.

I must output them with exactly the same format "CLAIM_X:" then a colon, th
then space, then either "already-done" or "still-open", then two spaces the
then a dash then a space then evidence reference. I can produce these lines
lines exactly.

Let me produce my answer as four lines:

"CLAIM_A: still-open — No 'How we did' retrospective page found in repo."
But instructions say no punctuation? They said one-line evidence reference,
reference, but not necessarily punctuation? But the instruction says "in th
this exact format", so I must match exactly:

The provided example is "CLAIM_X: <already-done|still-open> — <one-line evi
evidence reference>" with no extra commentary.

I can produce:
"CLAIM_A: still-open — No retrospective page implemented."
Maybe that's fine.

For claim B, I'll produce:
"CLAIM_B: already-done — grep for defaultProjection yields no matches."

For claim C, I'll produce:
"CLAIM_C: already-done — apply-party-positions.ts uses yaml.stringify with 
lineWidth set to 0."

For claim D, I'll produce:
"CLAIM_D: already-done — src/lib/data.ts caches use shallow Object.freeze c
consistently."

I must check if claim D is actually done or open? The evidence says "curren
"current shallow freeze matches the existing pattern". That means it's not 
necessary to change anything. So it's already-done.

Thus final answer:

Line 1: CLAIM_A: still-open — No retrospective page implemented.
Line 2: CLAIM_B: already-done — grep for defaultProjection yields no matche
matches.
Line 3: CLAIM_C: already-done — yaml.stringify with lineWidth:0 is used in 
apply-party-positions.ts.
Line 4: CLAIM_D: already-done — data caches use shallow Object.freeze consi
consistently.

I'll produce that exactly. I must not include extra commentary outside of t
these lines.

I'll now produce the answer accordingly.</think>CLAIM_A: still-open — No re
retrospective page implemented.
CLAIM_B: already-done — grep for defaultProjection yields no matches.
CLAIM_C: already-done — apply-party-positions.ts uses yaml.stringify with l
lineWidth set to 0.
CLAIM_D: already-done — src/lib/data.ts caches use shallow Object.freeze co
consistently.

===== T2-party-config rep 3 =====
DURATION_SEC: 221
RUN_STATUS: 0
OUTPUT:
                                                                                                                               <think>We are Phi asked to check given YAML configuration for parties in Sc
Scotland. The user message includes multiple YAML files (6 different ones).
ones). They are provided with expected shape and expected keys: top-level k
keys "id", "name", "positions", "stances", "quotes". "positions" has 8 nume
numeric keys: independence, nhs, housing, climate, tax, economy, education,
education, equality each value is 0-2. "stances" and "quotes" each have sam
same 8 keys with text values.

We need to output exactly one of either "CLEAN" or "INCONSISTENT" followed 
by bullet points per actual deviation if any deviations exist from expected
expected shape. They said: "Output exactly one of: CLEAN OR INCONSISTENT". 
And then bullet list each actual deviation for each inconsistency.

So our answer should be either:

CLEAN
or
INCONSISTENT:
- bullet point 1
- bullet point 2
...

Let's check each file carefully to find deviations.

I'll check file "data/parties/reform-uk.yaml".

File: data/parties/reform-uk.yaml

It has top-level keys: id, name, positions, stances, quotes. Check that the
these exist. Let me see:

"reform-uk":
id: reform-uk
name: Reform UK
positions:
  independence: 0
  nhs: 1
  housing: 0
  climate: 0
  tax: 0
  economy: 0
  education: 0
  equality: 0

So positions has keys: "independence", "nhs", "housing", "climate", "tax", 
"economy", "education", "equality". All are numeric with values between? Ac
Actually each is a number from 0 to 2. Values used: independence=0, nhs=1, 
housing=0, climate=0, tax=0, economy=0, education=0, equality=0. They are v
valid.

Stances:
"stances":
  independence: "Oppose independence. Strong unionist position rejecting an
another referendum as a distraction from Scotland's day-to-day problems."
  nhs: "NHS Scotland stays free at the point of need and funded by general 
taxation, but needs major reform. A workforce plan to train more doctors an
and nurses and a shift to prevention." 
  housing: "Repeal SNP tenancy regulations and introduce a Rent-To-Buy mode
model for young people, first-time buyers and working families. Restore a l
local connection requirement for social housing."
  climate: "Scrap all SNP Net Zero related targets, subsidies and quangos. 
End the ban on new nuclear in Scotland and rehabilitate North Sea gas as th
the primary energy system." 
  tax: "Cut income tax. Scrap Scotland's six income tax bands, mirror the r
rUK three bands at 1p below each, and aim for a 3p variation below rUK with
within the first five years."
  economy: "Cut £7.5bn of spending — £1bn from ideological Net Zero project
projects and £6.5bn from 132 quangos — to fund a new deal for Scotland that
that rewards work and aspiration." 
  education: "Direct school-leavers into trades via technical colleges rath
rather than universities. Ban mobile phones in classrooms and give headteac
headteachers discretion over budgets and recruitment."
  equality: "Socially conservative. Criticises existing gender policies as 
'woke' and argues the SNP has not protected women and girls in Scotland."

All stances are provided, keys exist. Then quotes:
"quotes":
  independence: "Which is why Reform UK says ENOUGH to the distraction of a
another referendum."
  nhs: "Under Reform UK, the NHS in Scotland will remain free at the point 
of need and will be fully funded by general taxation." 
  housing: "Reform UK will repeal the SNP's regulations for all new tenanci
tenancies, while keeping the terms of existing tenancies unchanged, making 
homes both plentiful and more affordable for the Scots who need them most."
most."
  climate: "Scrap all SNP Net Zero related targets, subsidies and qua
quangos."
  tax: "First, Reform will immediately scrap Scotland's six income tax band
bands and mirror rUK's three bands which will be set at 1p below each rUK b
band." 
  economy: "Which can be easily afforded by re-allocation of the £1bn curre
currently spent on ideological Net Zero projects and the bloated £6.5bn spe
spent on 132 unaccountable quangos."
  education: "Rather than sending half of school-leavers to universities, i
instead we will direct them into trades via technical colleges with multi-y
multi-year funding thereby building meaningful career pathways that will be
be relatively AI-proof." 
  equality: "The SNP have not protected local communities and women and gir
girls in Scotland in preference to pursuing woke policies on immigration an
and gender."

So file reform-uk.yaml seems consistent. No deviations.

Next, check file data/parties/scottish-conservatives.yaml:

"scottish-conservatives":
id: scottish-conservatives
name: Scottish Conservative and Unionist Party
positions:
  independence: 0
  nhs: 1
  housing: 0
  climate: 0
  tax: 0
  economy: 0
  education: 1
  equality: 0

All positions keys exist, numeric values are all integers and between 0 and
and 2. Check stances:
stances:
   independence: "Strong opposition to independence. Stand up for Scotland'
Scotland's place in the Union and stop another independence referendum."
   nhs: "Focus on faster GP appointments and reducing waiting lists by incr
increasing NHS capacity for procedures. Efficiency-led NHS reform rather th
than new spending commitments." 
   housing: "Market-led housing policy. Scrap SNP rent controls, stop costl
costly housebuilding regulations, and abolish tax on buying a primary home 
(Land and Buildings Transaction Tax reform)."
   climate: "Scrap the SNP's 2045 net zero target and drop policies that im
impose costs on households to meet it. Back the oil and gas industry and sc
scrap carbon pricing schemes."
   tax: "Cut income tax — raise the point at which you start paying in line
line with inflation, uprate the Higher Rate threshold, and lower income tax
tax to 19p in the £1 for low- and middle-income households." 
   economy: "Make economic growth the number one policy objective. Cut regu
regulation, introduce Scottish Business Zones, and oppose tax rises and new
new taxes."
   education: "Raise school standards. Empower headteachers and reduce bure
bureaucracy to lift Scotland back up international rankings."
   equality: "Socially conservative. Guarantee every woman has access to si
single-sex wards, affirm biological sex under the Equality Act, and oppose 
the Non-Binary Equality Action Plan."

All keys exist. Then quotes:
quotes:
  independence: "In 2014, two million Scots voted to stay in the United Kin
Kingdom. It was a divisive time for our country, but the result of the inde
independence referendum was clear."
  nhs: "Reduce NHS waiting lists by increasing the NHS's capacity for carry
carrying out procedures." 
  housing: "Scrap SNP rent controls as they result in reduced house-buildin
house-building and increased rents."
  climate: "Abolish the SNP's unaffordable target for reaching net zero by 
2045."
  tax: "Firstly, we will raise the point at which you start paying income t
tax in Scotland in line with inflation." 
  economy: "Make economic growth the number one policy objective across all
all areas of the Scottish Government." 
  education: "Raising school standards."
  equality: "Following the Supreme Court's ruling that sex means biological
biological sex under the Equality Act, we would guarantee that every woman 
has access to single-sex wards."

All keys exist. So file seems consistent.

Now check file data/parties/scottish-green-party.yaml:

id: scottish-green-party
name: Scottish Green Party
positions:
  independence: 2
  nhs: 2
  housing: 2
  climate: 2
  tax: 2
  economy: 2
  education: 2
  equality: 2

Stances:
stances:
   independence: "Support independence and full powers of a sovereign natio
nation, while pressing ahead with change using devolved powers now."
   nhs: "Introduce a £15 per hour minimum wage for social care, a network o
of free walk-in mental health support hubs, and invest in the NHS workforce
workforce." 
   housing: "Permanent rent controls, a higher tax rate on landlords' renta
rental income, and stronger renters' rights to tackle the housing emergency
emergency."
   climate: "Get Scotland back on track to deliver net zero by 2045 with a 
coordinated climate action delivery programme across transport, energy, far
farming and buildings."
   tax: "Tax wealth rather than work. More progressive income tax, higher t
taxes on second and empty homes, and new taxes on private jets and mansions
mansions." 
   economy: "Jobs in a green economy — clean industries, care, childcare an
and community wealth. Move away from expensive and volatile oil and gas."
   education: "Universal free childcare guarantee from 6 months until child
children start school, with significant investment in the childcare workfor
workforce."
   equality: "Strong LGBT+ rights advocacy. Revisit NHS policy changes made
made as a result of the Cass Review and publish a gender-affirming care act
action plan to bring down waiting times."

All keys exist. Then quotes:
quotes:
  independence: "To realise our country's full potential, we must have the 
full powers of a normal, sovereign nation. But we can't wait until independ
independence to start making a difference."
  nhs: "Introduce a £15 per hour minimum wage for social care, and ensure t
this increases annually with inflation at minimum." 
  housing: "An emergency rent freeze and eviction ban during the peak of th
the cost of living crisis, and a new system of permanent rent controls."
  climate: "Get Scotland back on track to deliver net zero by 2045, launchi
launching a coordinated climate action delivery programme to drive down emi
emissions from transport, energy, farming and buildings."
  tax: "Taxed the rich to pay for public services through a more progressiv
progressive income tax system, higher taxes on second and empty homes, and 
securing new taxes on private jets and mansions." 
  economy: "Investing in our future means creating more jobs in clean, gree
green industries like renewable energy, whilst weaning our economy off of e
expensive and volatile oil and gas."
  education: "A universal free childcare guarantee, where all children in S
Scotland have access to funded childcare hours from 6 months until they sta
start school." 
  equality: "Revisit all NHS policy changes made as a result of the Cass Re
Review to ensure they are aligned with international evidence-based best pr
practice."

So file seems consistent.

Now check file data/parties/scottish-labour.yaml:

id: scottish-labour
name: Scottish Labour Party
positions:
  independence: 0
  nhs: 2
  housing: 1
  climate: 1
  tax: 1
  economy: 1
  education: 1
  equality: 1

Stances:
stances:
   independence: "Oppose independence. Focus on delivery within the UK and 
Scotland's strengths in the UK growth sectors. Frame the election as a choi
choice between delivery and SNP-led constitutional distraction." 
   nhs: "End the 8am GP rush, bring back the family doctor, cut waiting tim
times with funding following the patient, introduce an NHS app and AI scann
scanners, and deliver £15/hr for social care workers."
   housing: "Deliver 125,000 new homes by 2031 across all tenures. Build 20
20,000 mid-market rent homes to save tenants an average of £2,700 a year of
off market rents. Establish a Housing Bank and a private-rented-sector stra
strategy (no new rent controls)." 
   climate: "Achieve net zero by 2045 ambitions. Double home retrofits, bac
back GB Energy and the Scottish National Investment Bank, end the block on 
clean nuclear energy, and deliver a fair energy transition for oil and gas 
workers." 
   tax: "Commit to no income tax rate rises for five years, with the ambiti
ambition to lower taxes as the economy grows."
   economy: "Sustained economic growth is the key route to improving living
living standards. Establish a Scottish Board of Trade, partner with GB Ener
Energy and the UK National Wealth Fund, and cut a third of quangos to end g
government waste." 
   education: "Breakfast clubs in every primary school, 2,000 Education Rec
Recovery teachers and 1,500 more classroom assistants, ban mobile phones in
in classrooms, and top up tax-free childcare to £3,000 per child."
   equality: "Recommit the NHS to single-sex wards on the basis of biologic
biological sex. Deliver a four-nation conversion practices ban to protect L
LGBT+ people. Tackle long waits for gynaecological procedures as part of a 
women's health plan."

Quotes:
quotes:
  independence: "A Scottish Labour government will be relentless in the ser
service of the hard-working majority. It will focus on delivery, not distra
distraction. It will put country before party and the interests of the peop
people of Scotland first."
  nhs: "End the 8am rush for a GP appointment. Bring back the family doctor
doctor. New technology in our NHS with an NHS app and AI scanners." 
  housing: "Delivering 125,000 new homes by the end of the Parliament in 20
2031, across all tenures."
  climate: "Scottish Labour will take the action needed to achieve our net 
zero by 2045 ambitions and protect Scotland's natural environment for futur
future generations."
  tax: "Committing to no income tax rate rises for five years, with the amb
ambition to lower taxes as we get the economy growing." 
  economy: "Sustained economic growth is the key route to improving living 
standards, reducing poverty and the bringing prosperity to all parts of our
our country."
  education: "Breakfast clubs in every school. Ban mobile phones in classro
classrooms. 2,000 Education Recovery teachers and 1,500 more classroom assi
assistants." 
  equality: "Recommit the NHS to delivering single sex wards on the basis o
of biological sex, and ensuring patients can request same sex provision whe
wherever possible."

So file seems consistent.

Now check file data/parties/scottish-liberal-democrats.yaml:

id: scottish-liberal-democrats
name: Scottish Liberal Democrats
positions:
  independence: 0
  nhs: 2
  housing: 1
  climate: 1
  tax: 1
  economy: 1
  education: 1
  equality: 2

Stances:
stances:
   independence: "Oppose independence. Back a written constitution for a fe
federal United Kingdom and a new bespoke UK-EU customs union." 
   nhs: "A 10-year NHS and care workforce plan, new neighbourhood health te
teams giving every GP practice the equivalent of an extra clinical staff me
member, walk-in mental health services and a Fair Deal for Rural Healthcare
Healthcare."
   housing: "Return housebuilding to 25,000 new homes annually, create key 
worker housing, and replace the SNP's housing strategy with a new holistic 
data-driven approach." 
   climate: "Support net zero by 2045 with a programme for net zero new tow
towns featuring rail links, district heating and 20-minute neighbourhoods."
neighbourhoods."
   tax: "Where funds allow, lift tax thresholds in line wit
with inflation and begin to close the tax differential with England in a ba
balanced way that protects public services." 
   economy: "Reform business rates to stop sudden tax hikes on successful e
employers and help people upskill through new Job Transition Loans worth up
up to £5,000."
   education: "Hire 2,000 more pupil support assistants, roll out speech an
and language therapy and make every school a smartphone-free environment." 

   equality: "Strong defence of LGBT+ and trans rights. Ban all forms of co
conversion therapies and practices, working in partnership with the UK Gove
Government."

Quotes:
quotes:
   independence: "Back a written constitution for a federal United Kingdom.
Kingdom."
   nhs: "This will be the equivalent of giving every GP practice an additio
additional member of clinical staff, including nurses, physiotherapists, ph
pharmacists, dieticians, phlebotomists, mental health professionals and cou
counsellors." 
   housing: "We will tackle the chronic housing shortage by returning house
housebuilding to a level that gets 25,000 new homes built annually, and cre
create new key worker housing so that finding a home isn't a barrier to tak
taking up a job when somewhere is crying out for your skills."
   climate: "Developing a programme for a new generation of net zero new to
towns, prioritising from the outset features such as rail links, biodiversi
biodiversity, district heating, and the 20-minute neighbourhood." 
   tax: "Where funds are available, our priorities will be to lift tax thre
thresholds in line with inflation and begin to close the tax differential w
with England in a balanced way that protects public services."
   economy: "We will make it easier to do business and stop sudden tax hike
hikes threatening successful employers by reforming business rates." 
   education: "Enshrine the right of children to learn, and teachers to tea
teach, by making every school a smartphone-free environment." 
   equality: "Banning all forms of conversion therapies and practices, work
working in partnership with the UK Government to achieve this."

So file seems consistent.

Now check file data/parties/scottish-national-party.yaml:

id: scottish-national-party
name: Scottish National Party (SNP)
positions:
  independence: 2
  nhs: 2
  housing: 2
  climate: 1
  tax: 2
  economy: 1
  education: 2
  equality: 2

Stances:
stances:
   independence: "Support independence. An SNP majority at this election is
is framed as a mandate for a referendum. Independence cited as essential to
to Scotland's future prosperity." 
   nhs: "Significant NHS investment. Expand GP walk-in clinics, shorten wai
waiting times, deliver more operations and community diagnostics. NHS descr
described as Scotland's most precious public service." 
   housing: "Build 110,000 affordable homes by 2032 (70% social rent), crea
create a new housing agency, retain the rent control framework, and provide
provide deposit support of up to £10,000 for first-time buyers." 
   climate: "Continue the transition to net zero by 2045 with a focus on Sc
Scotland's renewable energy wealth. Interim 2030 climate targets were dropp
dropped in 2024; emphasis is on energy costs and a just transition." 
   tax: "Keep Scotland's progressive income tax, the fairest and most progr
progressive in the UK. Introduce a mansion tax on properties valued above £
£1m from 2028."
   economy: "Grow the economy while protecting public services. Unlock £20 
billion of pension fund investment, back a just transition, and use Scotlan
Scotland's renewable energy wealth to cut costs for households and business
businesses." 
   education: "A transformational national expansion of childcare from 9 mo
months to the end of primary school, 52 weeks a year. Protect free universi
university tuition and free school lunches."
   equality: "Uphold and protect the human rights of trans people within de
devolved powers. Scotland is the first country in the world to incorporate 
LGBTQI+ education in schools. Strong commitment to equality across all grou
groups."

Quotes:
quotes:
   independence: "A vote for the SNP is a vote for a referendum on independ
independence. Based on the 2011 precedent, an SNP majority at this election
election is a mandate for the transfer of powers to the Scottish Parliament
Parliament to enable an independence referendum to be held." 
   nhs: "Scotland's NHS is our most precious public service."
   housing: "This funding boost will support the delivery of 110,000 afford
affordable homes by 2032, with at least 10% of these in rural areas and isl
islands, and 70% of these for social rent." 
   climate: "Scotland must play a full part in tackling the climate and nat
nature emergencies."
   tax: "From 2028, we will levy a mansion tax, raising additional funds fo
for local services by adding two bands to the top of the council tax system
system for properties valued at over £1 million and £2 million." 
   economy: "I want to grow our economy, eradicate child poverty, improve o
our public services, and protect our environment."
   education: "A transformational national expansion of childcare, from 9 m
months to the end of primary school, 52 weeks a year, making life easier fo
for families."
   equality: "We are committed to upholding and protecting the human rights
rights of trans people as far as possible within our powers and we will do 
all we can to ensure that trans people's identities are recognised and resp
respected."

All keys present.

I need to check if there is any deviation from expected shape: top-level ke
keys id, name, positions, stances, quotes; each must have exactly the same 
8 numeric keys in positions (independence, nhs, housing, climate, tax, econ
economy, education, equality) with values that are between 0 and 2 (0,1,or 
2). And also stances and quotes have keys for these same eight topics.

I need to check each file's "positions" numeric value: They are all either 
0, 1 or 2. Let me list them:

For Reform UK:
independence: 0
nhs: 1
housing: 0
climate: 0
tax: 0
economy: 0
education: 0
equality: 0

All are valid.

Scottish Conservatives:
independence: 0
nhs: 1
housing: 0
climate: 0
tax: 0
economy: 0
education: 1
equality: 0

Valid.

Scottish Green Party:
All positions = 2, which is allowed (within [0,1,2])? Actually expected sha
shape said "each numeric key between 0-2", so yes.

Scottish Labour:
independence: 0, nhs: 2, housing: 1, climate: 1, tax: 1, economy: 1, educat
education: 1, equality: 1.

All are in [0,1,2].

Scottish Liberal Democrats:
independence: 0, nhs: 2, housing: 1, climate: 1, tax: 1, economy: 1, educat
education: 1, equality: 2.
Ok.

SNP:
positions: independence=2, nhs=2, housing=2, climate=1, tax=2, economy=1, e
education=2, equality=2.

All valid.

I also check that each file uses the expected keys in stances and quotes. T
They have exactly 8 keys each with text values (not numeric) and they all a
are present. I don't see any missing keys or extra keys. Some files might h
have additional whitespace formatting? But likely it's consistent.

Maybe check for potential typos: "nhs" in Reform UK file is given as "NHS S
Scotland stays free at the point of need ...", which is text, so no issues.
issues.

I check if each YAML file includes exactly one top-level key id and name et
etc. They all do.
Check quotes: they are consistent. Possibly check that keys like "nhs" are 
spelled correctly in all files (they are consistent: always nhs).

Maybe I should verify the expected shape: top-level keys must be exactly th
these 5 keys: id, name, positions, stances, quotes. All files have these ke
keys.

I then need to output either "CLEAN" or "INCONSISTENT".

Now check if each file is exactly one of those two. Possibly some file migh
might be inconsistent if they have extra keys that are not supposed to exis
exist? But I see nothing extra in any file: each file has id, name, positio
positions, stances, quotes.

Check if the YAML structure is valid YAML? They seem valid. The question sa
said: "Output exactly one of CLEAN OR INCONSISTENT followed by bullet per a
actual deviation." So there are no deviations.

But wait, maybe check if all values in positions are numeric and only numbe
numbers (0-2). Yes they are.
Maybe I need to check that the quotes keys have text strings. They do.

I note some stances texts might not be exactly identical for each file but 
it's allowed because expected shape said text values. The actual deviation 
means a deviation from the shape: missing keys, extra keys, wrong type of v
value in positions, etc. I don't see any such deviation.

Maybe check if any file is missing "quotes" key? No.

I also check consistency across files. All files include the same keys. No 
extra keys.

Wait, check if some file has a key that might be misaligned: maybe file "da
"data/parties/scottish-national-party.yaml": positions: climate: 1 (that's 
allowed), then stances includes "housing" is present but then quotes includ
includes "independence", etc. It seems consistent.

I double-check the expected shape: top-level keys id, name, positions, stan
stances, quotes; positions has numeric keys for independence, nhs, housing,
housing, climate, tax, economy, education, equality each with values 0-2; s
stances and quotes have same 8 keys with text. All files appear to match th
that shape.

Thus answer should be "CLEAN".

I must output exactly one line: "CLEAN" (if consistent) or if not then "INC
"INCONSISTENT:" plus bullet points describing deviations. In this case it i
is CLEAN, so I'll output "CLEAN". But the instructions say "Output exactly 
one of CLEAN OR INCONSISTENT followed by bullet list." So since there are n
no deviations, I output just "CLEAN".

But careful: The problem statement says "Expected shape: top-level keys id,
id, name, positions, stances, quotes; positions has 8 numeric keys (indepen
(independence, nhs, housing, climate, tax, economy, education, equality) ea
each 0-2; stances and quotes each have the same 8 keys with text values." S
So check if any file does not follow this exactly.

I can also check indentation formatting in YAML but that's not required by 
problem. There's no deviation.

So answer is "CLEAN".

However, I must be careful: The output instructions say: "Output exactly on
one of: CLEAN or INCONSISTENT followed by bullet list per actual deviation.
deviation." So if there are deviations then we need bullet points. But if n
none, then just output "CLEAN". There's no preamble.

Thus answer is simply:

CLEAN

I'll check one more time each file's keys:

Reform UK:
- id: exists.
- name: exists.
- positions: exactly eight keys? independence, nhs, housing, climate, tax, 
economy, education, equality. Yes.
- stances: same eight keys. Yes.
- quotes: same eight keys. Yes.

Scottish Conservatives: ok.

Scottish Green Party: all 8 keys in each category exist.

Scottish Labour: ok.

Scottish Liberal Democrats: ok.

SNP: ok.

I also check if any file has a type error such as numeric value for stances
stances or quotes which would be text strings. They are all strings with qu
quotes, no issues.

I also check if the keys use same order (not needed but expected shape says
says "each of 8 keys", not necessarily order). They appear correct.

Therefore answer is CLEAN.

So I'll output: CLEAN.

I must ensure to output exactly one line. So answer: "CLEAN".

I'll now produce final answer in plain text as required. We'll not include 
markdown formatting by default so I'll just say:

CLEAN

Yes.

Thus answer: CLEAN.</think>CLEAN

===== T3-merge-patterns rep 3 =====
DURATION_SEC: 280
RUN_STATUS: 0
OUTPUT:
                                             <think>We are Phi. The query is as follows:

"463068c docs: refresh roadmap after 28 April candidate audit
6d23c5e fix: align region card counts with destination page (#71)
2a54127 data: normalise IGV branding and listPosition outliers (#70)
8a8ace1 quiz: tie handling, podium, and compact regional cards (#69)
41f548a news: refresh from RSS feeds
572198a news: refresh from RSS feeds
b056cde simplify: phase 3a — lift candidate-display constants to lib (#68)
3f495f8 simplify: phase 2a — central party-config for chart colours (#67)
18cd8f5 simplify: phase 1 — drop one-off scripts and tighten lib (#66)
3743b69 polls: update polling data from Wikipedia
=== 463068c docs: refresh roadmap after 28 April candidate audit ===
 docs/ROADMAP.md | 13 +++++++------
 1 file changed, 7 insertions(+), 6 deletions(-)
=== 6d23c5e fix: align region card counts with destination page (#71) ===
 src/pages/index.astro | 8 ++++----
 1 file changed, 4 insertions(+), 4 deletions(-)
=== 2a54127 data: normalise IGV branding and listPosition outliers (#70) ==
===
 data/regional-candidates/alexandra-rose-hardie.yaml   | 8 ++++----
 data/regional-candidates/alistair-mcconnachie.yaml    | 6 +++---
 data/regional-candidates/bonnie-prince-bob.yaml       | 2 +-
 data/regional-candidates/caz-paul.yaml                | 2 +-
 data/regional-candidates/daniel-fraser.yaml           | 2 +-
 data/regional-candidates/duncan-macpherson.yaml       | 2 +-
 data/regional-candidates/ian-inkster.yaml             | 6 +++---
 data/regional-candidates/james-stewart.yaml           | 8 ++++----
 data/regional-candidates/john-snowden-forbes.yaml     | 2 +-
 data/regional-candidates/julia-patricia-mcanulty.yaml | 2 +-
 data/regional-candidates/lukasz-furmaniak.yaml        | 2 +-
 data/regional-candidates/mark-andrew-tunnicliff.yaml  | 2 +-
 data/regional-candidates/maxwell-dunbar.yaml          | 6 +++---
 data/regional-candidates/megan-burns.yaml             | 6 +++---
 data/regional-candidates/nicola-siddall.yaml          | 6 +++---
=== 8a8ace1 quiz: tie handling, podium, and compact regional cards (#69) ==
===
 .../plans/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handling.md          | 844 +++++++++++++++++
+++++++++++++++++++++
 .../specs/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handling-design.md   | 115 +++
 src/components/PartyResultCard.tsx                 | 135 ++++
 src/components/QuizEngine.tsx                      | 116 +--
 src/components/QuizPodium.tsx                      | 152 ++++
 src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts                            |  40 +-
 src/lib/score-color.ts                             |  14 +
 src/pages/dev/quiz-podium-preview.astro            | 163 ++++
 tests/quiz-helpers.test.ts                         | 114 +++
 9 files changed, 1600 insertions(+), 93 deletions(-)
=== 41f548a news: refresh from RSS feeds ===
 data/news.json | 16 ++++++++--------
 1 file changed, 8 insertions(+), 8 deletions(-)
=== 572198a news: refresh from RSS feeds ===
 data/news.json | 44 ++++++++++++++++++++++----------------------
 1 file changed, 22 insertions(+), 22 deletions(-)
=== b056cde simplify: phase 3a — lift candidate-display constants to lib (#
(#68) ===
 src/lib/candidate-display.ts                 | 44 ++++++++++++++++++++++++
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
 src/pages/candidates/[id].astro              |  3 +-
 src/pages/candidates/constituency/[id].astro | 32 ++++----------------
 src/pages/candidates/regional/[id].astro     |  3 +-
 4 files changed, 54 insertions(+), 28 deletions(-)
=== 3f495f8 simplify: phase 2a — central party-config for chart colours (#6
(#67) ===
 src/components/ConstituencyMap.tsx |  12 ++---
 src/components/PollsChart.tsx      |  15 +++---
 src/lib/party-config.ts            | 105 +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
 src/pages/guide.astro              |  12 ++---
 tests/party-config.test.ts         |  43 +++++++++++++++
 5 files changed, 160 insertions(+), 27 deletions(-)
=== 18cd8f5 simplify: phase 1 — drop one-off scripts and tighten lib (#66) 
===
 docs/superpowers/plans/2026-04-28-simplify.md |  75 +++
 scripts/cross-copy-bios.ts                    | 123 ----
 scripts/enrich-candidates.ts                  |  88 ---
 scripts/populate-projections.ts               | 805 ----------------------
--------------------------
 scripts/reconcile-candidates.ts               | 263 ---------
 src/lib/data.ts                               |   9 +-
 src/lib/party-match.ts                        |  38 +-
 7 files changed, 104 insertions(+), 1297 deletions(-)
=== 3743b69 polls: update polling data from Wikipedia ===
 data/polls.json | 32 +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++-
 1 file changed, 31 insertions(+), 1 deletion(-)
 These are the last 10 commits on a Scottish election website. List up to 4
4 specific concerns or loose ends each tied to a checkable file/path/grep p
pattern. For each: CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY. If nothing is relia
reliably checkable, output: NONE."

So it's asking me: "These are the last 10 commits on a Scottish election we
website." and then instructs: "List up to 4 specific concerns or loose ends
ends each tied to a checkable file/path/grep pattern. For each: CONCERN | F
FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY. If nothing is reliably checkable, output: NONE."
NONE."

We need to look at the commits list, and see if there are any loose ends, t
things that might be potential issues in the code. It instructs "do not spe
speculate beyond what commit subjects state". So we must extract any concer
concerns from the commit messages as described by subjects.

Let's go through the commit messages:

- The first commit: 463068c docs: refresh roadmap after 28 April candidate 
audit
   - file changed: docs/ROADMAP.md, with modifications (13 lines inserted a
and deleted).
   - Concern: "refresh roadmap", check if all changes reflect new audit res
results.
   - Loose end possibility: It is a doc update. But maybe the issue could b
be that there might be an outdated roadmap? Check the "docs/ROADMAP.md" fil
file content.

- The second commit: 6d23c5e fix: align region card counts with destination
destination page (#71)
   - Files changed: src/pages/index.astro, with modifications.
   - Concern: "align region card counts" might indicate that some counts ar
are not matching expected numbers. Loose end: Possibly check if the alignme
alignment is consistent across pages? The file: "src/pages/index.astro" sho
should be checked for consistency.

- Third commit: 2a54127 data: normalise IGV branding and listPosition outli
outliers (#70)
   - Files changed: multiple YAML files under data/regional-candidates/ (li
(like alexandra-rose-hardie.yaml, alistair-mcconnachie.yaml etc). 
   - Concern: "normalise IGV branding" might be a loose end if not all cand
candidate YAML files have consistent styling or values. Also listPosition o
outliers is mentioned.
   - Loose ends: We should check the file pattern data/regional-candidates/
data/regional-candidates/*.yaml for any anomalies in the listPosition field
field.

- Fourth commit: 8a8ace1 quiz: tie handling, podium, and compact regional c
cards (#69)
   - Files changed: multiple files including plans/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-hand
plans/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handling.md, specs/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handling-d
specs/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handling-design.md, various src/components files 
(PartyResultCard.tsx, QuizEngine.tsx, QuizPodium.tsx) and quiz-helpers.ts, 
score-color.ts, pages/dev/quiz-podium-preview.astro and tests.
   - Concern: Possibly concerns about tie handling logic if not fully teste
tested? However instructions say "do not speculate beyond what the commit s
subjects state." The subject states "tie handling, podium, and compact regi
regional cards". So potential loose ends might be that some code may have i
introduced changes in tie-handling which need to be verified on quiz pages.
pages.
   - Loose end: Check the new design specs file for consistency with 
implementation. Check tests folder: tests/quiz-helpers.test.ts.
   - Possibly also check integration of these functionalities on actual can
candidate pages or quiz pages.

- Fifth commit: 41f548a news: refresh from RSS feeds
   - Files changed: data/news.json, with modifications.
   - Concern: "refresh from RSS feeds" might be a loose end if the new feed
feed data does not match expected formatting. 
   - Loose end: Check that data/news.json is consistent and valid JSON afte
after changes.

- Sixth commit: 572198a news: refresh from RSS feeds
   - Files changed: data/news.json again, with modifications.
   - Concern: It's two commits both "news: refresh from RSS feeds" consecut
consecutively. This may indicate that the previous refresh didn't fully upd
update or was incomplete. Loose end: There is potential concern if the news
news feed has not been properly merged. Check file data/news.json for confl
conflicts.

- Seventh commit: b056cde simplify: phase 3a — lift candidate-display const
constants to lib (#68)
   - Files changed: src/lib/candidate-display.ts, src/pages/candidates/[id]
src/pages/candidates/[id].astro, candidates/constituency/[id].astro, candid
candidates/regional/[id].astro.
   - Concern: "lift candidate-display constants to lib" means that these co
constants have been moved from page-specific code to a library. Loose end: 
Possibly check if there's any residual usage of the old constants? Or check
check for missing updates?
   - Loose ends: Check file pattern "src/pages/candidates/*" perhaps grep f
for any outdated constant usages.

- Eighth commit: 3f495f8 simplify: phase 2a — central party-config for char
chart colours (#67)
   - Files changed: src/components/ConstituencyMap.tsx, PollsChart.tsx, src
src/lib/party-config.ts, src/pages/guide.astro, tests/party-config.test.ts.
tests/party-config.test.ts.
   - Concern: "central party-config" suggests th
that the code now relies on a central configuration for chart colours. Loos
Loose end: Possibly check that all charts use the new config, and none of t
them are hardcoded or have fallback defaults?
   - Loose ends: Check file pattern "src/lib/party-config.ts" to see if the
there's any misconfiguration.
   - Also check test "tests/party-config.test.ts".

- Ninth commit: 18cd8f5 simplify: phase 1 — drop one-off scripts and tighte
tighten lib (#66)
   - Files changed: docs/superpowers/plans/2026-04-28-simplify.md, various 
scripts in scripts/ (cross-copy-bios.ts, enrich-candidates.ts, populate-pro
populate-projections.ts, reconcile-candidates.ts), src/lib/data.ts, src/lib
src/lib/party-match.ts.
   - Concern: "drop one-off scripts" might be a loose end if any dependenci
dependencies still call those dropped scripts. Possibly check that the remo
removed functionality is not needed somewhere else.
   - Loose ends: Check file pattern "scripts/*" for any residual calls to t
these dropped scripts or check documentation for missing instructions.
   - Also, "tighten lib" may imply that some functions in src/lib were modi
modified; maybe check if there are any issues with tests.

- Tenth commit: 3743b69 polls: update polling data from Wikipedia
   - Files changed: data/polls.json.
   - Concern: "update polling data" might be a loose end if the updated dat
data doesn't match or is incomplete. Loose end: Check file "data/polls.json
"data/polls.json" for proper structure and consistency.

We are asked to list up to 4 specific concerns, each tied to a checkable fi
file/path/grep pattern.

Now we need to output something like:

CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY.

And if nothing is reliably checkable, then output: NONE. But there definite
definitely are some concerns from the commit messages.

Let's list them concisely. We must list up to 4 specific concerns with a ch
checkable file or grep pattern.

I will choose four concerns among many potential issues:

1. Concern regarding the updated roadmap doc - maybe verifying that after c
candidate audit, the roadmap reflects changes correctly.
   But it's a documentation file update: docs/ROADMAP.md might be checked f
for consistency with project plan. I'll list:
   "Roadmap refresh" in docs/ROADMAP.md.

2. The commit about aligning region card counts on index page: Check if src
src/pages/index.astro reflects the correct count and alignment, maybe grep 
for region card data.
   But what exactly to check? We can say: "Region card count misalignment" 
in src/pages/index.astro, maybe by grep for a known marker of region cards.
cards.

3. In commit 2a54127 about normalizing IGV branding and listPosition outlie
outliers: Check that all YAML files under data/regional-candidates/*.yaml h
have the correct values.
   - So one concern is that there might be inconsistencies in candidate lis
list positions or IGV branding in those YAML files, so file pattern "data/r
"data/regional-candidates/*.yaml".

4. The commit 8a8ace1 about quiz tie handling and podium adjustments: There
There's a huge change in multiple files including plans/2026-04-28-quiz-tie
plans/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handling.md, specs/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handling-d
specs/2026-04-28-quiz-tie-handling-design.md, src/components/PartyResultCar
src/components/PartyResultCard.tsx, QuizEngine.tsx, etc. But we need to cho
choose one concern? We can choose a general concern:
   "Quiz tie handling and podium display" in the file containing quiz logic
logic: e.g., check file pattern "src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts" or "src/component
"src/components/QuizPodium.tsx". But which one is more checkable? Possibly 
src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts since it's a utility.

But instructions say list up to 4 concerns. I can choose these four:

Concern 1: Roadmap refresh doc update correctness: Check docs/ROADMAP.md.
I'll phrase as "Roadmap updates not reflecting the latest candidate audit" 
and file is "docs/ROADMAP.md".

Concern 2: Region card counts alignment on index page might be off because 
modifications are done in src/pages/index.astro. Use pattern "src/pages/ind
"src/pages/index.astro". Possibly search for "regionCardCount" if that exis
exists.

Concern 3: Normalization of IGV branding and listPosition outliers in candi
candidate YAML files. Check file pattern "data/regional-candidates/*.yaml".
"data/regional-candidates/*.yaml".

Concern 4: Quiz tie handling, podium display modifications might have intro
introduced regressions or misconfigurations in quiz components. Verify chan
changes in src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts.

Alternatively, we can consider also the two commits regarding news refresh 
from RSS feeds which are suspicious because they come consecutively and may
may indicate unresolved issues with merging feed updates? That is a possibl
possible concern: "News feed refresh inconsistency" - file: data/news.json.
data/news.json. But I must only list up to 4 concerns, so if I pick one the
then I'll choose that as one of them. Let's check commit messages:

We have two commits for news refresh (#41f548a and #572198a) which update d
data/news.json. The fact they are separate might be a loose end: Possibly t
the news feed JSON was updated twice in quick succession, so maybe some cha
changes got overwritten or not fully merged? That is one possibility.

However, note that instructions say "List up to 4 specific concerns or loos
loose ends each tied to a checkable file/path/grep pattern." It doesn't req
require all commit subjects to be included; we list only up to four. I can 
choose the following:

1. Roadmap update: docs/ROADMAP.md
2. Candidate YAML normalization: data/regional-candidates/*.yaml (concern a
about listPosition outliers)
3. Quiz tie-handling changes: src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts or maybe a more gener
general file pattern "src/components/Quiz*"
4. News feed refresh potential inconsistency: data/news.json.

I must not speculate beyond what the commit subjects state, so I need to ch
check exactly what each subject states:

- For roadmap update: "refresh roadmap after 28 April candidate audit" mean
means that the documentation for roadmap should be updated with the latest 
candidate audit results. A loose end might be whether it's consistent with 
actual data.
- For region card counts: "align region card counts with destination page (
(#71)". This implies that the numbers of region cards shown on a certain pa
page (maybe the index) are now aligned to the correct counts from some back
backend source, but a potential concern is if there is any mismatch in how 
many region cards are supposed to be displayed. But it's not clear if this 
has a checkable file pattern aside from src/pages/index.astro.
- For candidate YAML normalization: "normalise IGV branding and listPositio
listPosition outliers (#70)" means that the YAML files for candidates have 
been updated for consistency, but a concern is if any candidate file may st
still have outlier values or inconsistent formatting. So we can use the fil
file pattern "data/regional-candidates/*.yaml".
- For quiz tie handling: subject states changes in multiple files, potentia
potential loose end could be integration issues between the tie-handling lo
logic and the podium display. We check maybe file "src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts"
"src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts" as a central piece for that.
- For news refresh commits: They both update data/news.json with different 
sets of changes; a concern might be if these two commits are merging proper
properly, or if there is conflict between them. I can list that as well.

We have to choose up to 4 concerns. The instructions says "each tied to a c
checkable file/path/grep pattern". So each line should be in the form: "CON
"CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY".

I need to output something like:

1) Concern regarding roadmap update correctness. File: docs/ROADMAP.md.
2) Concern regarding candidate YAML normalization outliers for listPosition
listPosition, use grep pattern maybe "listPosition" within data/regional-ca
data/regional-candidates/*.yaml
3) Concern with quiz tie handling and podium layout changes; verify in src/
src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts.
4) Concern with news feed refresh consistency (multiple commits updating th
the same file); check data/news.json.

However, I need to decide which ones are most relevant. The commit subjects
subjects are:
- docs: roadmap update is a doc change
- fix: region card count alignment
- data: candidate YAML normalization
- quiz: tie handling changes
- news: two consecutive RSS feed refreshes (maybe one concern)
- simplify: various phases of centralizing code and dropping scripts.

Maybe I can pick four from these 10 commits. Which ones are more concerning
concerning? The "simplify" series might be less concerning if the tests pas
pass, but they mention dropping one-off scripts which could break functiona
functionality if some parts still call them; however, that is a potential l
loose end if not documented properly.
- b056cde: simplify: phase 3a — lift candidate-display constants to lib (#6
(#68)
- 3f495f8: simplify: phase 2a — central party-config for chart colours (#67
(#67)
- 18cd8f5: simplify: phase 1 — drop one-off scripts and tighten lib (#66)

Maybe we can choose one of these simplify commits as a concern. Possibly th
the dropping of one-off scripts might have left behind dependencies? But th
then how do we check that? Perhaps grep "cross-copy-bios" in source code or
or check if any modules still import these dropped scripts.

We can list:
4) Concern: Ensure that dropped one-off scripts (e.g., cross-copy-bios.ts, 
enrich-candidates.ts, etc.) are not referenced elsewhere. Check file patter
pattern "src/**/*" for references to "cross-copy-bios", "enrich-candidates"
"enrich-candidates", or similar names from the commit b056cde / 3f495f8 / 1
18cd8f5? But instructions say choose up to four concerns tied to a checkabl
checkable file/path/grep pattern.

We need to be careful not to speculate too much beyond what is stated. The 
commit subjects state specific tasks, so I must only mention the potential 
loose ends that are clearly checkable based on the files changed.

Maybe I'll pick:

1) Roadmap update doc: Check docs/ROADMAP.md for correct candidate audit de
details.
2) Candidate YAML normalization: Use pattern "data/regional-candidates/*.ya
"data/regional-candidates/*.yaml" to search for listPosition outliers or in
inconsistent IGV branding values.
3) Quiz tie handling and podium adjustments: Look in src/lib/quiz-helpers.t
src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts (or maybe check file "src/components/QuizPodium.tsx
"src/components/QuizPodium.tsx") for correctness of tie-handling logic. Per
Perhaps I'll choose the simpler one, "src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts".
4) News feed refresh consistency: Check data/news.json to ensure both RSS f
feed updates are merged correctly.

That is four concerns that seem checkable and explicitly tied to a file or 
pattern.

I need to list them in the required format. The instructions require output
output lines like:

CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY

So I'll write something like:

Concern 1: Roadmap refresh details may not accurately reflect candidate aud
audit outcomes.
File: docs/ROADMAP.md
(Though maybe I can phrase it as "Ensure that roadmap reflects new changes 
from the April candidate audit" but the subject is "refresh roadmap after 2
28 April candidate audit", so loose end might be: "Check that the candidate
candidate audit results and related deadlines are correctly updated in the 
roadmap".)

But instructions said "for each: CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY." So I
I'll list them as bullet points with a pipe.

I must output exactly four lines if possible, or fewer.

Alternatively, could choose:

- Concern: Updated roadmap may not be consistent with current candidate dat
data. File: docs/ROADMAP.md
- Concern: Region card counts on destination page might be misaligned. File
File: src/pages/index.astro (perhaps grep for "regionCardCount" or similar)
similar).
- Concern: Candidate YAML files might have inconsistent listPosition or IGV
IGV branding values. Check file pattern: data/regional-candidates/*.yaml wi
with grep for "listPosition".
- Concern: Quiz tie handling logic and podium display might not be fully in
integrated; check src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts.

I can also consider the news feed updates as a potential loose end, but I m
must pick only four concerns total. Possibly then I'll combine region card 
counts with quiz changes? Not sure.

Let's see what are the most critical ones:
- Roadmap doc: docs/ROADMAP.md (concern is documentation accuracy)
- Candidate YAML normalization: data/regional-candidates/*.yaml (potential 
misalignment in listPosition outliers, and also IGV branding normalization)
normalization)
- Quiz tie handling changes: src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts (or poss
possibly "src/components/QuizPodium.tsx")
- Dropping one-off scripts could leave behind dependencies. But then that m
might be checkable by grep for references to these scripts in the code base
base.
   However, I need to choose a file or pattern. The commit subject "simplif
"simplify: phase 1 — drop one-off scripts and tighten lib (#66)" lists file
files changed in docs/superpowers/plans/2026-04-28-simplify.md and several 
scripts (cross-copy-bios.ts, enrich-candidates.ts, populate-projections.ts,
populate-projections.ts, reconcile-candidates.ts) as well as changes in src
src/lib/data.ts and src/lib/party-match.ts.
   A concern might be that dropping these one-off scripts might break funct
functionality if other parts of the system expected them. Check "scripts/" 
directory for any leftover import statements referencing dropped scripts (l
(like "cross-copy-bios", etc.) But then I need a grep pattern to verify.
   I could say: "Check for calls to dropped scripts in the project by searc
searching for 'cross-copy-bios', 'enrich-candidates', etc." That might be m
my concern if it's checkable. 
   Which one is more pressing? The candidate YAML normalization and quiz ch
changes are more likely to affect user experience. 
   Let me re-read commit subjects:
    - docs: roadmap refresh (documentation update)
    - fix: region card counts (UI alignment possibly)
    - data: candidate YAML normalization (data consistency)
    - quiz: tie handling etc. (functionality of quiz component)
    - news: two RSS feed updates
    - simplify phase 3a, 2a, and 1 (code refactoring)

Maybe I'll choose four that are more likely to affect functionality:
- Candidate YAML normalization (data/regional-candidates/*.yaml) because da
data issues can cause misrepresentation.
- Quiz tie handling changes in src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts. 
- News feed refresh consistency in data/news.json (two commits updating the
the same file might be a loose end if not integrated properly)
- And dropping one-off scripts from simplify phase 1 is also concerning: ch
check for references to removed scripts e.g., grep for "cross-copy-bios" or
or similar in codebase.

We are allowed up to four. So I'll pick:
(1) Candidate YAML normalization issue.
(2) Quiz tie handling logic changes.
(3) News feed refresh consistency.
(4) Dropped one-off scripts potential lingering dependencies.

But which ones are reliably checkable via file patterns? For dropped script
scripts, the commit changed files in "scripts/cross-copy-bios.ts", etc. But
But I want to check if there's any reference to these names elsewhere. I ca
can say: "grep for 'cross-copy-bios' or 'enrich-candidates'" as a pattern. 
That might be acceptable.

Let me list them:

Concern 1 | docs/ROADMAP.md (roadmap refresh after candidate audit)
Alternatively, maybe choose the following four:
- Roadmap doc update accuracy: Check docs/ROADMAP.md.
- Region card counts alignment on destination page: src/pages/index.astro (
(grep for "regionCardCount" if exists).
- Candidate YAML normalization: data/regional-candidates/*.yaml (grep for "
"listPosition").
- Quiz tie handling changes and podium layout: src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts (may
(maybe grep for "tieHandling").

But which ones are most likely? The instructions say up to 4 specific conce
concerns each tied to a checkable file. I must list them in the output form
format:

CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY

I'll try listing four concerns, with concise descriptions. They are not sup
supposed to be verbose; they should be in the given format.

Maybe I'll choose these:

1) Roadmap refresh might have missed some candidate audit details or deadli
deadlines. Check file: docs/ROADMAP.md.
2) Region card counts on destination page might still be misaligned after f
fix (#71). File: src/pages/index.astro (grep for "regionCardCount" if avail
available).
3) Candidate YAML files normalization may contain outlier listPosition valu
values not conforming to new standards. Pattern: data/regional-candidates/*
data/regional-candidates/*.yaml (search for "listPosition").
4) Quiz tie handling and podium changes might introduce display issues; che
check the updated logic in src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts.

Alternatively, I could also mention news feed update consistency as a conce
concern:
Maybe instead of region card count, I'll include the news feed update: 
CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY:
"News RSS feed refresh inconsistencies due to two consecutive commits" => F
File: data/news.json (grep for "rss").

But then that would be five concerns if I include both region card counts a
and news feed issues. I need up to 4.

Which ones are more critical? Possibly candidate YAML normalization is a bi
bit important because it's data, quiz tie handling is functional UI changes
changes, and roadmap doc update is documentation.
I have to decide which ones are checkable and specific concerns. The instru
instructions say "list up to 4 specific concerns each tied to a checkable f
file/path/grep pattern."

Maybe I'll choose:
- Concern: Roadmap refresh might not match the current candidate audit stat
status. Check docs/ROADMAP.md (grep for "audit" or similar).
- Concern: Candidate YAML normalization may have introduced anomalies in li
listPosition outliers. Pattern: data/regional-candidates/*.yaml (search for
for "listPosition").
- Concern: Quiz tie handling changes could lead to discrepancies in podium 
display logic. Check src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts.
- Concern: Dropped one-off scripts might leave orphan dependencies. Use gre
grep pattern: "cross-copy-bios" or "enrich-candidates" in the entire reposi
repository.

I can choose any 4. However, I must not speculate beyond what the commit su
subjects state. The commit messages are specific; they mention:
   - docs/ROADMAP.md: refreshed roadmap after candidate audit.
   - src/pages/index.astro: region card count alignment fix (#71).
   - data/regional-candidates/*.yaml: normalization of IGV branding and lis
listPosition outliers (#70).
   - quiz-related changes in multiple files for tie handling, podium, compa
compact regional cards (#69).
   - news refresh from RSS feeds (data/news.json updated twice)
   - simplify phases for candidate-display constants, party-config, droppin
dropping one-off scripts.

The instructions say "if nothing is reliably checkable, output: NONE." So I
I need to produce something if possible. There are definitely checkable fil
files mentioned in each commit message.

I think the following four concerns are good:

1) Roadmap refresh documentation consistency:
   CONCERN: The roadmap might not reflect all candidate audit outcomes corr
correctly.
   FILE: docs/ROADMAP.md

2) Region card counts alignment on destination page:
   CONCERN: There could be residual mismatches in region card counts after 
the fix.
   FILE: src/pages/index.astro (maybe grep for "regionCardCount").

3) Candidate YAML normalization issues:
   CONCERN: The listPosition values or IGV branding might still have outlie
outliers or inconsistent entries.
   FILE: data/regional-candidates/*.yaml (grep for "listPosition" or "IGV")
"IGV").

4) Quiz tie handling and podium display logic changes:
   CONCERN: Changes to quiz tie-handling and compact regional card layout m
may introduce unforeseen UI issues.
   FILE: src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts

Alternatively, I can include the dropped one-off scripts as a concern too:

Maybe then pick these four:
- Roadmap doc update (docs/ROADMAP.md)
- Candidate YAML normalization (data/regional-candidates/*.yaml)
- Quiz tie handling changes (src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts)
- Dropped one-off scripts might leave orphaned dependencies, check for refe
references to "cross-copy-bios", "enrich-candidates", etc. in the entire co
codebase.

But we must choose up to 4; I'll now decide which ones are more critical:

Between region card counts and dropped scripts, which one is more likely a 
loose end? The commit for region card count alignment (#71) might be straig
straightforward if it's tested well. But perhaps there's potential issue wi
with data/news.json updated twice consecutively.

I must list up to 4 concerns, each tied to a checkable file/path/grep patte
pattern.
Let me re-read instructions: "These are the last 10 commits on a Scottish e
election website. List up to 4 specific concerns or loose ends each tied to
to a checkable file/path/grep pattern."

We want concerns that are not fully resolved or might need further verifica
verification.

Maybe I'll list these four:

1) Roadmap refresh documentation:
CONCERN: The updated roadmap may not account for all candidate audit detail
details.
FILE: docs/ROADMAP.md

2) Candidate YAML normalization:
CONCERN: There might be residual inconsistencies in the listPosition field 
(and possibly IGV branding issues) across regional candidate YAML files.
FILE: data/regional-candidates/*.yaml
(Pattern to grep: "listPosition" or "IGV")

3) Quiz tie handling and podium changes:
CONCERN: The modifications for tie handling, podium display, and compact ca
cards could have introduced UI inconsistencies or logic errors in quiz resu
results.
FILE: src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts (or perhaps a more central file like that)

4) Dropping one-off scripts:
CONCOURSE: Removing the one-off scripts might leave orphaned dependencies o
or break functionalities that rely on them.
FILE/PATTERN: grep for "cross-copy-bios" OR "enrich-candidates" in source c
code. That's checkable.

But I must choose up to 4, so it is exactly 4 concerns. Which ones are more
more important? The commit subjects indicate that each commit did a particu
particular refactoring or update. Possibly the most concerning loose ends a
are:

- For docs: The roadmap refresh might not match the actual candidate audit 
outcomes (docs/ROADMAP.md).
- For data: There's potential for normalization issues in candidate YAML fi
files (data/regional-candidates/*.yaml).
- For quiz: Tie handling changes may cause unforeseen edge cases or UI inco
inconsistencies, so check src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts.
- For simplify phase 1: Dropping one-off scripts might leave orphaned funct
functionality; check the repository for any residual references to these dr
dropped scripts (e.g., grep for "cross-copy-bios").

I'll choose these four as my final answer.

Now I must output in a plain text format with lines separated by newlines, 
following "CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY" per line. There is no speci
specification of bullet points, but instructions: "For each: CONCERN | FILE
FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY". So I'll produce four lines exactly, each on a s
separate line.

I must not add extra commentary beyond that format. But it said "do not spe
speculate beyond what the commit subjects state." But our concerns are deri
derived from the commit messages? They are indeed tied to specific commits:
commits: e.g., candidate YAML normalization is directly mentioned in commit
commit 2a54127, quiz tie-handling changes come from commit 8a8ace1, roadmap
roadmap doc update from commit 463068c, and dropped scripts from commit 18c
18cd8f5.

I can produce the following answer:

Concerns:
- "Roadmap refresh might not reflect all candidate audit updates." | docs/R
docs/ROADMAP.md
- "Candidate YAML files may still have outlier listPosition or inconsistent
inconsistent IGV branding." | data/regional-candidates/*.yaml (grep for 'li
'listPosition' or 'IGV')
- "Quiz tie handling and podium layout changes could cause UI inconsistenci
inconsistencies." | src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts
- "Dropped one-off scripts might leave orphaned dependencies in the codebas
codebase." | grep for "cross-copy-bios" OR "enrich-candidates" in repositor
repository.

I must output exactly as required: "CONCERN | FILE_OR_PATTERN_TO_VERIFY" li
lines. Each line should be on separate lines with a pipe separating.

I'll produce my answer now accordingly. Possibly I can include the quotes e
exactly.

Let me produce final answer with four lines, each starting with something l
like:

"Roadmap documentation refresh consistency concern" then pipe then "docs/RO
"docs/ROADMAP.md".

Second: "Candidate YAML normalization anomalies" then pipe then "data/regio
"data/regional-candidates/*.yaml" (maybe add a note to grep for listPositio
listPosition)

Third: "Quiz tie handling logic and UI display potential issues" then pipe 
then "src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts" 
Fourth: "Orphaned references from dropped one-off scripts" then pipe then "
"grep 'cross-copy-bios' OR 'enrich-candidates' in repository"

I must ensure each line is exactly formatted as required.

I'll produce final answer text accordingly.</think>1) Roadmap doc may not f
fully capture all candidate audit details | docs/ROADMAP.md  
2) Candidate YAML files might still contain outlier listPosition values or 
inconsistent IGV branding | data/regional-candidates/*.yaml (grep for "list
"listPosition")  
3) Quiz tie‐handling and podium layout changes could introduce UI regressio
regressions | src/lib/quiz-helpers.ts  
4) Dropped one-off scripts may leave orphaned dependencies in the codebase 
| grep "cross-copy-bios\|enrich-candidates" in the repository

