MODEL: qwen3-next:80b-a3b-instruct-q8_0
DATE: 2026-04-28T21:29:02Z

===== T1-doc-drift =====
DURATION_SEC: 154
OUTPUT:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     CLAIM_A: still-open — No "How we did" retrospective page or related code fo
found in repo.
CLAIM_B: already-done — No matches for defaultProjection or DEFAULT_PROJECT
DEFAULT_PROJECTION in scripts/ or src/.
CLAIM_C: already-done — yaml.stringify({ lineWidth: 0 }) used in both apply
apply-party-positions.ts and sync-regional-candidates.ts.
CLAIM_D: already-done — All six cached loaders in src/lib/data.ts use shall
shallow Object.freeze, consistent with existing pattern.



===== T2-party-config =====
===== T2-party-config =====
DURATION_SEC: 97
OUTPUT:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      INCONSISTENT
- scottish-national-party: climate position is 1, but stance and quote emph
emphasize net zero by 2045 and climate emergency action, which aligns with 
position 2 (strong support); position should be 2 to match stance/quote
- scottish-labour: equality stance mentions "recommit the NHS to single-sex
single-sex wards on the basis of biological sex" and "deliver a four-nation
four-nation conversion practices ban" — this is a mixed position, but the o
overall stance is not clearly 2 (strong support); position 1 (moderate) may
may be accurate, but the quote and stance contradict the position label's i
implied clarity — however, no clear deviation from position 1 as assigned
- scottish-liberal-democrats: equality position is 2 (strong support), stan
stance and quote support banning conversion therapies and defending LGBT+ a
and trans rights — consistent
- reform-uk: equality stance says "Socially conservative. Criticises existi
existing gender policies as 'woke' and argues the SNP has not protected wom
women and girls in Scotland." — this is a clear opposition to progressive g
gender policies, which aligns with position 0 (oppose); consistent
- scottish-conservatives: equality stance says "Guarantee every woman has a
access to single-sex wards, affirm biological sex under the Equality Act, a
and oppose the Non-Binary Equality Action Plan." — this is a clear socially
socially conservative position, aligning with position 0; consistent
- scottish-green-party: all positions 2, stances and quotes show strong sup
support across all areas; consistent
- scottish-national-party: climate position is 1, but stance says "Continue
"Continue the transition to net zero by 2045" and quote says "Scotland must
must play a full part in tackling the climate and nature emergencies" — thi
this is strong support, so position should be 2
- scottish-labour: climate position is 1, but stance says "Achieve net zero
zero by 2045 ambitions", "double home retrofits", "end the block on clean n
nuclear energy", and "deliver a fair energy transition" — this is strong su
support, so position should be 2
- scottish-labour: housing position is 1, stance says "Deliver 125,000 new 
homes... build 20,000 mid-market rent homes... establish a Housing Bank" — 
no rent controls, but proactive housing policy; this is moderate, so positi
position 1 is acceptable
- scottish-liberal-democrats: housing position is 1, stance says "return ho
housebuilding to 25,000... create key worker housing... replace SNP's strat
strategy with data-driven approach" — proactive but not radical; position 1
1 is acceptable
- scottish-liberal-democrats: tax position is 1, stance says "lift tax thre
thresholds in line with inflation and begin to close the tax differential w
with England" — no tax cuts or increases, moderate; position 1 is acceptabl
acceptable
- scottish-liberal-democrats: economy position is 1, stance says "reform bu
business rates... Job Transition Loans" — moderate reform; position 1 is ac
acceptable
- scottish-liberal-democrats: education position is 1, stance says "hire 2,
2,000 more pupil support assistants... roll out speech and language therapy
therapy... smartphone-free environment" — moderate investment; position 1 i
is acceptable
- scottish-labour: tax position is 1, stance says "commit to no income tax 
rate rises for five years, with the ambition to lower taxes as the economy 
grows" — moderate, no increase, potential for reduction; position 1 is acce
acceptable
- scottish-labour: economy position is 1, stance says "sustained economic g
growth... cut a third of quangos" — moderate growth focus; position 1 is ac
acceptable
- scottish-labour: education position is 1, stance says "breakfast clubs...
clubs... 2,000 Education Recovery teachers... ban mobile phones... top up t
tax-free childcare" — moderate investment; position 1 is acceptable
- scottish-conservatives: tax position is 0, stance says "cut income tax — 
raise the point at which you start paying in line with inflation, uprate th
the Higher Rate threshold, and lower income tax to 19p in the £1" — this is
is a clear tax cut policy; position should be 0 (oppose tax increases) — co
consistent
- scottish-conservatives: economy position is 0, stance says "make economic
economic growth the number one policy objective... cut regulation... oppose
oppose tax rises" — this is pro-growth, low-regulation; position 0 (oppose 
interventionist economy) is correct
- scottish-conservatives: education position is 1, stance says "raise schoo
school standards... empower headteachers and reduce bureaucracy" — moderate
moderate reform, not radical; position 1 is acceptable
- reform-uk: tax position is 0, stance says "cut income tax... scrap Scotla
Scotland's six income tax bands... mirror rUK three bands at 1p below each"
each" — clear tax cut; position 0 is correct
- reform-uk: economy position is 0, stance says "cut £7.5bn of spending... 
reallocate from Net Zero and quangos" — austerity, not investment; position
position 0 (oppose interventionist economy) is correct
- reform-uk: education position is 0, stance says "direct school-leavers in
into trades via technical colleges... ban mobile phones... give headteacher
headteachers discretion" — opposes university expansion and central control
control; position 0 is acceptable
- reform-uk: equality position is 0, stance says "socially conservative... 
criticises existing gender policies as 'woke'" — opposes progressive equali
equality policies; position 0 is correct
- scottish-green-party: independence position is 2, stance and quote strong
strongly support independence; consistent
- scottish-green-party: nhs position is 2, stance says "£15/hr minimum wage
wage for social care... free walk-in mental health hubs... invest in workfo
workforce" — strong support; consistent
- scottish-green-party: housing position is 2, stance says "permanent rent 
controls... higher tax on landlords' rental income... stronger renters' rig
rights" — strong intervention; consistent
- scottish-green-party: climate position is 2, stance and quote strongly su
support net zero by 2045; consistent
- scottish-green-party: tax position is 2, stance says "tax wealth rather t
than work... more progressive income tax... higher taxes on second/empty ho
homes... new taxes on private jets and mansions" — strong progressive taxat
taxation; consistent
- scottish-green-party: economy position is 2, stance says "jobs in a green
green economy... move away from oil and gas" — strong interventionist green
green economy; consistent
- scottish-green-party: education position is 2, stance says "universal fre
free childcare from 6 months until school" — strong investment; consistent
- scottish-green-party: equality position is 2, stance says "strong LGBT+ r
rights advocacy... revisit Cass Review... gender-affirming care action plan
plan" — strong support; consistent
- scottish-labour: nhs position is 2, stance says "end 8am GP rush... bring
bring back family doctor... cut waiting times... £15/hr for social care" — 
strong investment; consistent
- scottish-liberal-democrats: nhs position is 2, stance says "10-year workf
workforce plan... extra clinical staff per GP practice... walk-in mental he
health services... Fair Deal for Rural Healthcare" — strong investment; con
consistent
- scottish-liberal-democrats: education position is 1, stance says "hire 2,
2,000 more pupil support assistants... roll out speech and language therapy
therapy... smartphone-free environment" — moderate investment; position 1 i
is correct
- scottish-national-party: nhs position is 2, stance says "significant NHS 
investment... expand walk-in clinics... shorten waiting times" — strong sup
support; consistent
- scottish-national-party: housing position is 2, stance says "build 110,00
110,000 affordable homes... rent control framework... deposit support" — st
strong intervention; consistent
- scottish-national-party: tax position is 2, stance says "keep progressive
progressive income tax... introduce mansion tax" — strong progressive taxat
taxation; consistent
- scottish-national-party: economy position is 1, stance says "grow economy
economy while protecting public services... unlock £20bn pension investment
investment... just transition" — moderate growth with protection; position 
1 is acceptable
- scottish-national-party: education position is 2, stance says "transforma
"transformational national expansion of childcare... protect free universit
university tuition... free school lunches" — strong investment; consistent
- scottish-national-party: equality position is 2, stance says "uphold and 
protect human rights of trans people... first country to incorporate LGBTQI
LGBTQI+ education" — strong support; consistent

The only clear inconsistency is:

- scottish-national-party: climate position is 1, but stance and quote show
show strong support for net zero by 2045 and climate emergency action — sho
should be 2
- scottish-labour: climate position is 1, but stance shows strong support f
for net zero by 2045 and related investments — should be 2

===== T3-merge-patterns =====
DURATION_SEC: 5
OUTPUT:
                                 CONCERN | docs/ROADMAP.md  
CONCERN | src/pages/index.astro  
CONCERN | data/regional-candidates/*.yaml  
CONCERN | src/lib/candidate-display.ts

